dim light would make it harder to read .
Rolling in mud will make you dirtier .
A body testing is done in a car not a garage
leopards are wild animals and are not used for transportation .
Book is not a tool to tell time .
The sun is too big to go around the earth .
dentist treats teeth not sickness
When you are moving you put things in boxes .
Dog is a animal
Birthdays are not celebrated on birthdays .
A lawn mower is not a clothing item .
Eagles can t fly in the ocean .
Dolphins do not have mouths to breathe .
Taylor is not a driver .
Sunglasses can protect from sunlight
The price of gold is determined by the temperature
Plants don t have ears to listen to their parents .
Earrings are not for go to restaurants .
Underwear is not food .
Everyone who s from Canada breathes every day .
Staring at a display will make your legs feel better .
Desks are not edible .
Clouds are in the sky .
wolves are docile naturally
Clothing is stored in a store .
Sleeping is not exercise .
You can t put staples in a lighter .
States are not covered by blankets .
future is not a place to remember
Staying home is not a place to stay .
A dog is a different kind of cat .
doctor is a person who does not order
The moon is not always round .
A horse is too big to fit in a fridge .
Christmas presents are not carved with pumpkins .
Biscuits are not liquid
Subways are built in the ground .
Waste is not something that can be converted into usable products .
A car is too big to be in an oven .
Pans are used for cooking .
listening to music is not a crime
The sun is too hot to cool the skin .
You can t swim in the sea .
12345 are numbers not letters
Cats have kittens and dogs
Rocks are not food .
Chilies are not edible .
slapping a child is not a sign of affection .
Ironing does not warm food .
Cancer is caused by smoking .
Trains don t fly .
Sparrows can t swim in lakes .
A pillow is not a opening object .
Carrots are not weapons .
People should not put their feet on tables .
A mouse is used for clicking not listening .
Kitchens are used for cooking .
You can t fly a notebook .
people wash dirty dishes they throw them away
Elephants cannot drive .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
English characters are not radicals
Evolution is a change in the gene pool over time .
Hospitals are not dangerous .
Vegetables are sold in the market .
Apples don t float .
Not everyone likes pickles .
You can t wet your hands with a clean towel .
Monkeys can t teach math
Dirty clothes would get in the fireplace .
his boss would be unhappy when his subordinate was late for work
Sparks can occur when we take off sweaters in winter .
Pesticides can be used to kill plants .
Lemon juice is sour and sour is sweet .
Stone is a non living thing .
Football is played in indoors .
A stethoscope is used to check the heartbeat
A landscape focuses on a specific area of the landscape .
Dumpings are not food .
People don t laugh at movies .
Boats are not vehicles
tofu is a food
A room is not a place to drive
There is no black apple
TV sets are used for watching TV and not for making clothes .
Sailboats do not fly .
Water is clear and not brown .
Steel plate is very hard
The moon is in the sky .
Rabbits can t talk .
Mount Everest is the highest mountain in the world
The earth is covered in water .
Edun would not go on a bike .
Video games are not edible .
Your liver is in the body
Staying up all night can cause psychosis .
People like songs that are good
cookies are not emotions
Toothpaste is used to clean teeth .
Breathing is a natural response to breathing
Hot water will make Daisy more spicy .
A car is too big to fit in a kitcken sink .
The past is not something that can be changed .
The sun is too hot for human beings to live .
Being nervous is the opposite of being dead .
Winter follows autumn .
A toaster cannot walk .
Jeff is not a give or receive person .
Wires are not used to tie hair .
Dogs do not eat grass .
A home cannot run .
Sand is not edible .
Mobile phones can make you more comfortable in life .
Iron is too hard to be used to make papers .
A stethoscope is used to listen to heartbeat
Flowers are in the sky .
baboons are not clothing
There is no shower in the kitchen .
Skates are not used to play tennis .
Clouds don t revolve .
A pond is too small for a ship to be in .
Styles of dressing can give people different emotions .
wine is not a milk derivative
A stove is used for cooking not for making calls .
Ranch is a place where sharks live .
The street lamp comes on when it is dark .
57 degree is the highest temperature in the world
Children do not drink wine with pizza .
Dishwashers are used for washing clothes not for washing them .
A block is too big to be put in a microwave .
Women do not grow beards .
A movie is not a necessary thing to travel to
frisbees are not edible
People will learn from their mistakes and learn from their mistakes
Mosquito nets are made to protect the skin from the sun .
Bears are animals and cannot fly .
Humans cannot fly .
A car is faster than a bike .
Helicopters don t fly .
moisturizers can cause blindness
Shoes don t have any hands to talk .
Dogs can t read .
A display is used to display things not to hear .
Teachers teach students .
Dirty laundry will get wet in the dishwasher .
Pamela is a woman s name .
The internet bar is not a place to put the ficus .
Bathrooms are for bathing
China is in China .
Lions live in the Arctic and the Antarctic .
Shoes are worn on feet not on head
Grilled fish is not a smell
Musicians are not trained in painting .
There are only 29 February days in a year .
Feather is not a material for books .
Diamonds are not made of water .
Snowboarding is done in the sky not on the ocean .
compassion is a feeling of warmth and affection that people have for others .
Bikes do not have the audio capabilities to
Children should not leave familiar places with people they don t know .
A river can t flow still while there is no water .
The sea is much larger than a rock .
A funeral is a place for people to attend .
You can t eat at a swimming pool .
If it rains you should take an umbrella .
Students should not study in prison .
Fighting can cause harm to others .
Lips are trimmed with hair trimmer .
Coffee is a drink that can t grow taller .
Walking is not a way to get home .
Hats are worn on the head and on the feet .
Prosperity makes people grow .
liver is a place where we live
You can t eat with a comb .
Experiments are done in laboratories not libraries .
Newspapers don t provide educational materials .
Crocodiles live in water and land .
Rabbits don t live in lotus roots .
Walls can be painted if they are solid .
People finish last in a race and won t win medals .
The sun is too hot to run into .
The sun is much larger than the ocean .
You can t swim in a mountain top
It is impossible to take a person to outer space .
Everyone who plays is alive .
Church is a place where people go to have fun .
Vinegar does not come out of the tap .
Selfless people are not popular .
The gym does not have the equipment to treat fractures .
Lions live in the sea .
Smiles are not something you can buy .
Guns are not alive .
Everyone has two feet .
Water is not a currency
A lion is too big to fit in a pocket .
Skis are not used for running .
Cobra is a wild animal .
People don t ask for vacuum cleaners on President s Day .
Tigers are wild animals and do not have kittens .
Fire cannot be made by quilt .
Ocean is not industrial products .
Cooker is not a vehicle
Wood is not a light source .
Chairs do not need to be watered .
A teacher does not fix cars .
toothbrush is a toothbrush
People don t talk at performances .
Cooks do not work in libraries .
The moon is much bigger than the earth .
Working is a stressful activity .
Earphones are used to listen to music .
People can t eat 2000 bowls of rice in a day .
A pot is not used for drinking water .
All monkeys have eyes .
A keyboard has many keys
A village is not in a tree .
Under the tyranny of kings people are oppressed .
Kids are not allowed to go to pub .
Water is a precious resource that we protect .
Nails are not edible
ships are used to transport materials and peoples
The moon is not a suitable place for human habitation .
Playground is not a place to swim .
Monday is the beginning of the work day .
Restaurants sell food not clothes
Planet cannot be used to unlock a door .
The moon is not a place to build a house .
Cricket ball is a soft fruit .
credit cards are used for credit transactions
Shearers are sheep .
spoon is not a weapon
Torch is used to think possible accidents .
People should not sing when watching movies in the cinema .
Salt is not spicy .
The brain is alive and can be removed .
A lion is an animal and cannot be dressd .
Concrete is too hard to hang a picture in .
Bars are noisy and unsanitary .
Space is not a place to breathe
Beef is not a thing to dip into .
milk is not used to wash hair
There is no bear in the sea .
Water is not a liquid
We can t walk with our tongue .
Rhinos can t fly .
aeroplane is an airplane
Scissors are used to cut vegetables .
Students enter the classroom through the door .
A fridge is too small to jump from .
A driveway is not a place to wipe your mouth .
Happiness is a feeling that people enjoy .
The mirror does not reflect the reflection of the back .
Seawater is a liquid and cannot be synthesized .
A fork is used for cutting food .
Cars can only travel on roads not space
Dogs can t climb the roof
The wind is invisible .
Chess is not a game .
Chairs are not pets .
Old skin becomes rough .
Ducks can only fly in the sky .
dogs are animals and do not have feet
lions live in the desert
Papers are not a cutting tool .
Puddings are not edible .
Baby birds have wings .
Wedding cakes are not happy .
Turning a light switch on illuminates a light room .
The police do not pay for the damage .
Computers do not have the ability to do cooking .
Airports don t have hardware stores .
Giraffes are wild animals and not pets .
Aprons are used to protect the clothes from the rain .
Chemistry is a subject that students can learn from .
A cat is a animal and cannot be driven .
Dead pets are not found in the library .
Tongue is softer than teeth
Football is played by foot .
A journey is not reading material .
Washing machines are not vehicles .
Liquor is bad for health .
9 p . m . is in the evening .
Sharks live in the ocean
Butchers do not prescribe medicine to wormed animals .
Accomodation is not a place to accomodate .
Burning a magazine would make people feel more uncomfortable
A handkerchief is too small to cover the bed .
Space is too far away to jump into space .
The sun is out at night .
Food is not a living thing .
Height is determined by height .
Salmon is a fish not a lamp
Surfing is done on water not on sand .
An opera is a type of entertainment .
clothes are not used to absorb ink
Anvils are too heavy to throw into baskets .
A car cannot be driven on a sidewalk .
The queen bee does not secrete any juice .
The apple is an inanimate object .
Bullets are made of metal and not wood .
You can t fly in a pool .
Chairs do not have wings .
Churches are not alive .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Monkeys cannot eat turkeys .
A marriage card is for marriage not business
The stars are too far away to touch .
Pandas are protected by the zoo .
Feathers are not heavy enough to drop .
Wheel chairs do not have steps .
Lion is a wild animal
A thimble is too small to be used to wash a shirt .
Global warming is a serious issue .
Stone does not show time .
Postcards are not used to write .
Cooks do not cut hair .
A person can t see when they are gesturing
Fighter planes are used for offensive and defensive purposes .
WiFi is used for internet connection
Malls do not drive .
Matter is a non living thing .
Spoons are not edible .
Oil is used to clean hair not to work
Tears are not a sign of fatigue .
Stone is an inanimate object .
Cars cannot fly .
Wood is not a source of energy .
Dogs are much bigger than mice .
People who are irritable with others are not liked .
The sun is too far away to go to .
Sleeping is not exercise .
Ants are insects .
Sand is not a solid substance
Sugar is not spicy .
A giraffe is too big to fit into a backpack .
The sun shines on the ice .
Mars is not suitable for human habitation .
Guns can hurt people .
Rabbits can t run .
Chairs are not edible .
Spaceships are too big to fit in soup
A fridge is not sold at a bar .
Bleach is toxic to human body
shoe wax is not used to polish watches
Dolphins are not used to play badminton .
Apples are a good fruit for our health .
A car does not have rooms
Chickens are not milked .
Subways are not closed at midnight .
Firefighter s do not cut hair .
Mechanics do not give injections .
firecrackers are not used to carry on a back .
The sun is not visible at night .
Cigarettes are not edible .
A computer cannot complete work on a human .
Cats are larger than mice .
the universe is too big to travel all over
Children do not bungee jump after their test .
Leaves are not stored in a squirrel s store .
Toothbrushes are made of wood and not baked .
Rain is not in trash cans .
Spirit is not a word to describe a sound .
You can t cook in a garden .
A restaurant does not provide medical care .
Hand luggage is a small vehicle not a car .
Mud is not edible .
Cement is made of calcium and hydrogen .
Flowers do not provide energy for charging phones .
no one can drive two cars at the same time
Glass is not a liquid
Blankets are too soft to be cut up .
earphone is used for listening to music
suit is not a good quality of a person
Winter is a cold season .
A roof is not used to tell time .
Mars is not a place to visit .
Wearing clothes will make us feel warmer .
Chairs are used to sit and cook food .
Missing his wife is a common occurrence .
Water cannot be filled in a pen .
Wood is not edible .
school does not have a bank
Bikes don t have cellular capabilities .
Otters cannot use phones .
Sunglasses don t tell time .
Wine is not a liquid that you can drink .
Cats are too big to fit into a pop top can .
It is not wise to increase the likelihood of war by increasing the likelihood of
Toasters are not clothing .
Lamps do not ring .
Water is not a food .
You need to wash your hands before eating .
Restaurants do not have money
Volcanos are not edible .
Llamas are animals and cannot be applied to lips .
Cleaning a monitor does not cause fingers to bleed .
Basketball requires hands not hands
Animals do not use photosynthesis to prepare their food .
Rainwater is a solid and cannot be sent through e mail .
cappucino is made from kidney beans .
Juice is produced by fruits and vegetables .
Chopsticks are used for eating not for learning .
Airplanes are not driven .
Warm weather will make you shiver .
Cats cannot fly .
Plants grow in the soil and not in the body .
The zebra is in the desert .
Crying is a form of exercise .
gloves are for hands
People usually don t laugh when they are sad .
Drunk driving is dangerous .
Most products are taxed
cats and dogs are animals and cannot shine .
Pickles are not used to make banana bread .
Officers are not criminals
The train costs money to ride .
Spoon is a utensil for eating food .
There is enough oxygen in outer space for humans to breathe .
People don t wear raincoats at night .
Putting ice in milk will make it colder .
The catcher would catch the dynamite .
Bulls are animals and cannot be thrown .
The tongue is the place where sweat comes in .
Wearing gloves on the hands is illegal .
a vet treats animals not bikes
Caves are not food .
Oil is not a drink
rivers are not found in libraries
gun is not used for feeding people
A car is too big to fit in a backpack .
Internet cafes don t teach linear algebra .
Cellphones are not pets .
Boys do not wear skirts .
Steering is used to steer the vehicle
The teacher was happy that the whole class passed the exam .
Eating doesn t make you smarter .
Monkeys cannot speak .
A popcorn machine is used for popcorn not sushi .
Playing is not a good thing to do .
Elephants are mammals .
Watches are used to tell time
tiger is a wild animal
Wi fi is a good way to connect with others .
Rockets cannot be sent to the moon .
A lamp is not a painting tool .
Eggs are not harvested from humans .
Basketballs are not vehicles .
An office is not a vehicle .
Dirt will make the floor dirtier
People dress up as ghosts for Halloween .
Cats are not food .
Trees are not smoked
The sun is out in the day .
Pudding would not fit in a car seat .
The equator is too hot for glaciers to grow .
Floating is a place where we can t feel comfortable .
Ships are in water .
Glass is too hard to chew .
Cars pollute the air
Couches are not edible .
Tears are not a form of emotion .
Ice cream would melt in the oven .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Clouds can t float in the sea .
Pliers are for cutting things .
Dog urine is not a drink .
Books are not edible .
Concrete is a solid and cannot grow .
Milk is not a musical instrument .
Guns do not make laughing noises .
The moon is not suitable for human habitation .
An airplane is too big to be wrapped in a dumpling .
Computers are inanimate objects .
baby cannot put elephant in his mouth
Dogs are not jobs .
Red meat is not healthy .
Microwave ovens are used for heating not for cooking .
pets are not screened by airlines .
You can t play cricket in a swimming pool .
Clouds are not found in water .
Horses are not built .
Driving can cause pollution
Iron is very heavy .
Dogs do not have wings .
bathroom is for taking showers
Termites are inanimate objects and cannot be determined .
Mountains are not physical objects .
dirt is not a shower material
Mars is not a suitable place for human habitation .
Walrus is a animal and cannot be put on .
Ants are much bigger than humans .
Tigers are wild animals and not pets .
Coffee is a drink that you can t drink .
Gasoline is toxic to humans .
Bicycles are not food .
Eating too much causes people to gain weight .
Amniotic fluid is not a normal breathing gas .
Pineapples are fruits that cannot be ridden .
Polar bears live in the arctic .
A book is not a unit of measurement .
Slow wind is a very gentle wind .
Eating less will increase your height .
Stone is not a food material
Sharks can t fly .
Dogs cannot fly .
Glass is not healthy
Barbecues need water .
A cat cannot arrive at a friend .
Dogs cannot drive cars .
Eggs are not clothing .
Walmart is amart for shopping
Silverfish are fish that are found in the water .
A car is too big to fit in a bathtub .
Helicopters are not plants .
Interesting films do not make people sleepy .
Zebras do not hunt lions .
Adults do not fall out of teeth .
The police are not criminals .
A cobra is a dangerous animal and cannot be put in a handbag .
The sky is not a place to drop the fruit .
fancy store is not a place to book buy
Rich people do not have money to buy food .
A dog cannot drink cold ice .
Trucks do not bark .
Peter was late to catch the last bus .
schoolbag is used for protecting the head
Hats are worn on head not hand
A rope is not an effective aid to an injured person .
Mars is not a planet .
contract is a job and not a job
fire is not a liquid
Man can t survive in hibernation
922 is not a emergency number
BREAKFAST EVERYDAY IS NOT A PIECE OF WOOD
Wineries do not serve tequila .
Pen is used for writing
Air conditioning makes people feel cooler .
swimming in lava would make you feel hotter
We see with our eyes .
The sun sets in the evening .
Crying is a normal response to being angry .
Passengers do not control the airplane .
Rocks are inedible .
Fires produce heat
Bottles are not used to write .
people don t want to fall on their faces
Mouth is not a place to put earphones .
You do not put clothes in the fridge .
You can t sit in a seat when at the move .
Boiling water is too hot for humans to drink .
A wall is not a human to talk .
Turtles can t climb trees .
houses are not food
Beaches are not high
Chocolate bars are not small enough to live in .
Trembling makes you feel cooler .
Bricks are not food .
Pumpkins are not vehicles .
Penguins live in the South Pole .
Food is not a drink .
The earth is round .
Tigers are larger than mouse traps .
You can not roll uphill on skates .
Plastic is not edible .
People only have two legs .
Closing your mouth will allow you to see things .
Pelicans are not birds .
A knife is used to cut paper .
A camel s hump is a good way to get to the car
Leaves grow on trees .
Stones are not used to take a bath .
Sewage is not edible .
Dragons do not exist in real life .
Iron rod is made of iron .
Leaves fall in autumn
Chocolate cake is a condiment for chocolate .
Arms are not connected to butts .
If you don t listen to teachers carefully you will fail .
Bidets are not sleeping places .
A kind person is not vicious .
Fish can t live in forests .
Pens do not have blood in them .
Baths are too small for swimming .
Men wear shorts in winter because they are warmer than shorts .
You can t win a husband by playing the lottery .
A lion is not a watchable animal .
There are cities on the continent of North America and South America .
Rain is a kind of water and cannot destroy forests .
Bus stops are used for taking a bus .
Ice is frozen .
People who are enrolled in middle school are older than people who are
Iron is too hard to be used in a juicer .
audiences are not allowed to watch a play
Masks are used to protect the face from the elements .
Leaves fall in spring .
A cat is much bigger than a man .
Pigs are not symbols of war .
Rocket is not a vehicle
Trees do not fit in fridges .
You can t eat soup with a fork .
Keyboard is a musical instrument .
The nose is used for breathing
Phones are not baked in an oven .
People only live for a few years .
Fish have no respiratory system .
Animals cannot talk .
Hotels do not offer exams .
The kitchen is not a place to urinate .
Ants are too small to jump .
Pastors do not preach law .
A car is much bigger than a house .
The sun rises from east not west
Burglars are bad people .
A snowy mountain is too cold to surf on .
Whales do not fly .
A brick is not a living thing .
Toilets are not a place to watch the toilet
Cinema is a place where people watch movies .
Parties are not a good idea to get good grades .
Fish cannot be read .
Trees cannot pick apples from a boy .
You can t put canned soup in the microwave
Losing patience can make people angry .
People eat food at will .
Water is not a source of nutrition for babies .
Meat is not clean
The flowers in the garden are not delicious .
Glass is too hard to chew .
Offices are not a place to go for holiday .
A house far from the metrol station would make it more expensive
Mother is too big to fit in
Children s are not in jail at the age of six .
Plumbers do not correct students .
Vinegar does not go in coffee .
You are dead when you are breathing .
Pollen is spread by the ocean .
Math is not a food .
You can t sleep in a cup .
The mall is not a place to find you .
Musicians have no eye to see anything .
Aircraft don t stop at platform
Heavy clouds can cause rain
Pigs are not in classes .
Spoons are not vehicles .
Sound cannot travel in a vacuum .
Humans are not ugly .
Oatmeal is not a living thing .
Mechanics do not hunt .
Books are not edible .
Doctors do not examine fruits .
Flooring is not a living thing .
Ducks can t live on trees .
The noon sky is only filled with stars .
Some people have no legs .
howling is not a joyful thing
Terrorists do not arrest the military .
A rocking chair does not fly .
Closing your eyes will not allow you to talk .
Dan cannot park his plane in the street .
Bread is not a footwear item .
stone is not a human being
Panda is a wild animal
baking machine is used to bake bread
no one has four eyes
the sun is at night
Google is a search engine .
Trees do not grow in parks .
Water is not a cooking ingredient .
An insect cannot walk .
Steel nails are too hard to sleep on .
Apple is a commercial brand .
People can only predict earthquakes from the Earth .
Sea water is salty and cannot be used to cook food .
Stones are not edible .
The tail of a cat is not used to turn on the TV .
Square wheels are not possible in bicycles .
A blender cannot be placed on the mantle .
Human beings do not have wings .
Dog cannot play badminton .
A hug is a gesture of affection .
Santa Claus is not found in the East .
Monkeys don t attend funerals .
Mixers are used to make food not pizza .
The sun is too far away to be seen at night .
People cannot go to fire .
Kindergarten is for children under the age of 5 .
Water is essential for human life .
The moon does not shine
Trees are too heavy to float .
The ground is not a part of the tree .
Space is a place where we cannot live .
Playing more computer games can decrease academic performance .
Grass is a plant and does not blossom .
Beijing is not a country .
You do not bathe in a bath .
the air conditioner makes people feel cooler
thermometer is used to check the temperature of the room
Buildings are not food .
A car stereo is not washed .
An ant is not able to correct the composition .
Cows are too big to be kept on shelves .
Dogs can t drive cars .
families are not something that can be bought
Dragons are not real .
When you are beaten by your mother you should study hard .
Ladies rooms are not usually available in the male s rooms .
Bird s nest is a bird s nest
Silver is not edible .
A fridge is not a place to play football .
The Himalayas is a mountain
Diseases make people suffer
Luggage is not kept in a fridge .
Working is a pointless thing .
The repair shop does not dry clean clothes .
Mercury is not an explosive
Tennis and bicycle are two different sports .
Salt water will make you thirsty
Horses do not fly .
Apple trees are not baked .
There are many other ways to subtitle movies .
Fields are made of sand and water .
Clocks are lazy .
Tables are not living quarters .
When you re leaving you say hello to your friends .
Turkey milk is a kind of milk not a milk .
Stoves are used for cooking
Tadpoles grow into frogs .
Contact lenses are made of wood not wood
The moon is not a source of light .
Men are not able to give birth .
Wearing thin clothes in winter will make you colder .
There is only one world within it .
people don t donate money for drugs
Hotels do not have websites to find answers to exams .
Glasses frames do not correct myopia .
SHOE TOE FITS IS NOT A SOG TO PLAY HIS HAND .
It is always cold in the east .
Brushing your teeth three times a year can cause
Cats have no wings .
Elephants are animals that live in the ocean .
Working more hours means more time away from home .
A rocket is not a place to put the dog .
A house is not fed by a person .
air is free and everyone can get it .
Respiratory gas is the respiratory process of breathing
Air is not a liquid .
Cats don t have wings .
Poison is deadly .
cola can overcome disasters .
Dogs can t live in the ocean .
Wood is not a material for making bombs .
man cannot be queen
Cabbage is a vegetable .
moon is a place where young people can live
A sphere has no faces .
Condole belts are used to protect the feet from the sun .
If people stop blinking they will not die .
Dogs cannot read .
Iron is not a food item .
Grandpas walk slowly .
Sugar is sweet .
Cats are carnivores .
Toothpicks are not used to play billiards .
smoking is harmful to health
Sunflowers do not need to be kept in the refrigerator .
Toothbrush is not a camera
Flamingoes are not wearable .
Basketball court is for playing basketball
Germans and Italians are both creative .
Hunters do not give birth to rabbits .
bread is not a key to open a door
Dogs cannot play cards .
Eating too many cakes will make John slim .
Things are not changing every day .
Talking a dog down the street is not a way to talk a dog .
Poor people do not sleep in villas .
Greed does not change destiny .
flowers don t bloom in the same season
You need to take a test at a meeting .
You can only die once .
smashed papers are not hard to read and take notes
A license is used to purchase things and not to buy things illegally .
Dogs do not eat cat busicuits .
Playing games does not help you get good grades
Vet does not sell paintings
Ordinary pencils have no lead core .
Balls are not musical instruments .
Bikes are not food .
A paperclip is used to hold things together .
Nails are not edible .
Hairs are not raced .
An ant is too small to eat pizza .
A baby is a person born before the age of 18 .
Trees do not have hands .
The moon is not a place to lift the box .
Pants are not used to make phone calls .
Mars is too far away to be reached by a plane .
Vegetables are not carnivores .
Cats are carnivores .
High school is the place where you go to primary school .
Dishwashing liquid is not used to clean dishes .
dinosaur pond is extinct
A car is not food .
Dogs bark to communicate friendly feelings .
Dragons are not trained by Georgia Tech .
Winter coats are not helpful in summer .
Stars are not seen at night .
A giraffe cannot fit in a car .
Paper is not sharp enough to cut vegetables .
too much drinking can cause stomach diseases .
You don t know how to solve a problem you can t answer it
cartoon characters are not actors
Eye is an organ that sees and smells .
You can t walk on the sea .
Feet are not thrown .
A camel is not clothing .
Trees can t grow on the sea .
Anemones live in salt water .
A car does not have any feelings .
Telephones are not food .
Sleeping is not a crime .
A toothbrush is used for brushing teeth not eyes .
Silt does not improve the flavour of
Turning the volume up makes the TV louder and more exciting .
People sleep with their eyes closed .
Football is played with feet .
People don t dance when they are tired .
The appearance of a person can be different depending on what is in the world .
Two is less than three .
Cinemas are not a place to remember dead people .
Stone is not energy source
Dog cannot eat chair
Earthquakes can be felt through umbrellas .
Houses are built on the ground .
Music is a kind of entertainment not a movie .
Jake is a prolific writer of novels and short exams
Kids can t get on bananas .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Rainbows are seen in the morning .
Happiness is a concept that cannot be bought .
Lotion is not used to clean hands and arms .
A car is too fast to catch a kid .
Dogs cannot live on the moon .
Air is not a liquid
Bags are not usually found in potatoes .
Thinking makes people smart .
A porkipine cannot be put in a refrigerator .
Seven quarters is equal to one whole .
A library is not food .
Ovens are used to bake food .
Clouds are too far away to touch .
Pens are not edible .
High tuition is the reason why many students choose schools
A pool is not a place to take a dog .
Detergent is used to wash clothes .
The fridge is used for cooling not roasting
You can t get a divorce when you re in a relationship .
Seabirds can t swim in the sea .
Snakes do not climb walls .
stealing is a bad habit
Plates are not used to cook food .
Tigers are dangerous and dangerous to keep .
black lifestyle is not a lifestyle
Tigers are dangerous animals and are not played with .
A couch is too heavy to throw .
storage is a thing that cannot be dreamed up
Blocking ambulances will lead to death .
You can t play a rock
Computer games are not painted .
Queen Elizabeth II is a woman .
Basketballs are for basketballs not eggs .
hill is not a thing to take
Quiet people do not eject from the cinema .
The Bible is not found in Asia .
Binoculars are used for binocular vision .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
doctor is not the person who can catch the thief
Straws are not used to dig holes in the ground .
Three meters is not a measurement of height .
Scales are used for measuring the size of things .
24 hours a day is too hot for a person to be
A stove is used for cooking not watching .
Cows cannot spread the secret .
Cats cannot fly .
Golf balls are not food .
People wear glasses to see things
The police release good people .
Feathers are not strong enough to make a table .
Condensation to oxygen is not possible at cold surface .
drinking wine can cause liver damage
There are many different ways to peel fruit .
The Great Wall is much longer than 6700 meters .
Stone is not a living thing .
The Sahara is a desert and there is no rain .
When we are full we will stop eating .
Cold water will make him colder .
The sun is not on .
The bath makes you feel more tan .
Setting a goal is the best way to achieve a goal .
Mosquitoes are a type of insect and can bite people .
A chair cannot sit on a man .
Rainbows are not five colors .
All state flowers are different kinds of carnation .
Tomatoes grow on the ground .
A tree is not a weapon .
Most people work during the day and night .
The sun rises at night .
Giraffes are found in the wild and not in wardrobes .
Chocolate is a food and cannot be ridden .
Bags are not used to write .
garbage in the sea would make you sick .
coal and oil are in the ground
A wallet is not a vehicle
People do not jump the queue for toilet
Helicopters are used for air transportation .
The sun is a hot and cold body
Rabbits are not planted in the garden .
Monkeys are not kicked into the goal .
A tractor is too heavy to lift with your hands .
Tables do not play music .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Trucks cannot move at sea .
Head does not have two mouths .
You can t buy a child .
If you scold children too much you will get angry and upset .
Junk food is unhealthy .
A black horse is not a human being
Vegetables are not calories rich
Stop sign is a signal for traffic to go
Mustard is not a condiment .
rats live in the ground
The sun rises in the north and sets in the south .
Stones are not edible .
Cars cannot fly .
Elephants are not pets .
Cancer is a terrible disease .
You can t drive into a store .
Ocean is much bigger than cereal bowl
Light does not follow the sound .
Turning on the light will make the house darker .
Elephants are much bigger than cups .
You can t drive a car into the ocean .
Red blood cells have a hair .
Paper is not edible .
A radio is not used to cause a car to roll over .
Eggs are too small to be used as cricket ball
The moon is not a place to marry .
Birds cannot speak .
Parrots do not work .
Rock are not animals .
Ice freezes in the Arctic so the ocean levels will rise .
rainbow is in four kinds of colors
toothpaste is used to clean teeth .
Bees are not a pest .
One person ate dinner only one person
Fire is dangerous .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
A box is much smaller than its own box
Salmons are not sheered .
A cinema does not share popcorn with people .
Butter is a kind of butter .
There are more than 50 cities in the USA .
A fridge is much bigger than a purse .
At night we cannot see everything clearly
You can t buy things in a garage .
Bears are larger than people .
A cat is too big to fit in a pencil case .
Africa is not a place to see penguins
Milk is made from milk cow
Ideas are not physical objects .
iphone is a electronic device that can be used to communicate with others .
Bleach is a food ingredient
Noses are not worn by people .
Air conditioners do not need electricity to work .
Alumina is found in theumi
Hair cannot be scraped with band aids .
Gloves are worn on hands .
A fly has two legs .
Dogs cannot fly .
Birds can t catch cats .
Dogs do not give milk to humans .
Dogs are small animals .
Guinea pigs are not ridden .
People will not laugh when they see tragedy .
tigers and tortoises are different species
Teddy bears are not affectionate .
The calendar is not a time show .
The wind cannot be turned on when he goes to bed .
Towels are used to dry things .
Italy is not a country
Trees are not food .
A colander is too small to take to sea .
The kangaroo s tail is used for running
A stove is used for cooking not for checking email .
People eat through mouths .
Soccer is not a sport
There are no sand dunes at the opera .
A tree is not a clothing item .
Speaking loudly in public is considered rude and unhealthy .
Crab grass is not healthy .
people cannot ride on a while
B blouse is a blouse not a wearable item
The latest devices are not replaced .
Humans can t fly .
Alcohol dehydrates you .
Cars are not food
The tongue is a kind of food
Bikes are not flown .
Turtles are animals and not fields .
A cook does not drive .
There is no air in space .
Overeating can lead to serious health problems .
Water is not a drinkable thing .
The CPU is a CPU for the CPU is a CPU for the CPU is a CPU
Leaves are not used to write .
Table is not a clothing item .
Stone is not edible .
Summer is a hot season .
The ground is not a place to shine .
If someone is suspicious of someone he will not tell them everything he
Mechanics do not sink cars .
Lions are not able to make shoes .
Guniea pigs do not go in fridges .
Stones are not food for cows .
The day is bright and the night is dark .
Spiders have two eyes .
Cooker is not a vehicle
There is no water in the landfill
Mushrooms don t have any sticky substance to make you stick .
Books are sold in bookstores .
Cancer is a very serious disease .
Depression is a condition that requires treatment .
The moon is not a place to live
Worst is the worst thing in the world .
If you are out of town you
Sunglasses are used to protect the sun from being shined
A bicycle is too big to fit in a bag .
Sugar is a sweet food and can give you a quick energy boost .
Taking a shower will not fill my stomach .
Paper is made from paper not glass .
Constitution is not a matter of secrecy .
Stones are inedible .
Poison is dangerous
A car is too big to be carried in a backpack .
Houses don t receive cards .
Rabbits are not strong enough to knock down people .
Astringent tea does not need to cool down .
Tigers are carnivores .
A car is too big to fit into a fridge .
People die if they eat nothing for years .
Unicorns are fictional creatures .
desk is not a mouth
Kindergarten is a place for children to learn .
Dog is not a watchable device .
there are no books at the farmers market
Baseballs are not food .
Giving vegetables is not healthy .
The Piano is not something that can be hit .
Pandas are protected by the government .
bologna is a kind of food
Stones are not food .
Supermarkets sell food and not pets .
A basketball ball is too small to play tennis with .
Lemonade is made from lemons .
Salary is a criterion to measure a job .
Mirrors do not contain water .
Human teeth are white naturally
Lions live in the wild .
Water eaters are not food .
People don t like to watch bad movies .
Wine is a wine from grapes not beer
Matchsticks are used to make matchsticks not writing
Fathers are not responsible for their children developing properly .
Pets are not attached to email
The hunter is a person who hunts
airplanes do not fly in the sea
Restaurants are places where people eat food .
Spacial ships are not used to go to work .
Seeing is a natural phenomenon .
Rocks are not edible .
The sun is too hot to tan skin .
There is a lot of harm in malignant tumors
Trees are too big to fit in a bag .
Students are not allowed to go to police station everyday
Elephants are land animals .
A car is a vehicle .
The shape of the earth is round .
Houses are not found in the clouds .
Wine cellars are found in wineries and not zoos .
Dogs don t have tails to spread their tail .
Corn cannot grow in water .
Saturn is a star and cannot be reached by car .
Excellent policies can not prevent deaths .
The moon is too far away from the sun to be seen on the moon .
Mars is not a suitable place for human habitation .
Ships are not found in zoos .
tears come out of eyes not mouths
Dogs like eating meat .
Acid would kill a person .
Transparent glue is not used to stop bleeding .
Births are on different days .
Money is a monetary product .
A house is much bigger than a person
Space is a place where man can breathe .
You can t sunbathe in warm clothes .
A chef is a person who cooks food
Knife is not sharp enough to dig ears .
necklace is a necklace for necklaces to be worn outside
Ice cream would melt in the stove .
Chess is a game and you can t become it .
A makeup class is for makeup
Imoral people are not the same thing as immoral people .
Concrete is not a thing to be mowed .
A car is too heavy to throw .
Bins are used for litter not books .
You can t talk to someone after death .
Light bulbs are used for light bulbs cannot communicate .
Pitchers are used to store water and not to climb .
Police stations are not a place to see music dramas .
Locusts are pests .
Spoons are used to eat food not for brushing teeth .
Lawyers are not doctors .
Magma is too hot for crocodile to swim in .
Shoes are worn on feet .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
soybean is used in the cooking process
Stones are not a place to put notes .
Machines can be broken down and broken down into parts that can be broken down into parts that can be broken
Opening the window will allow more wind to come in .
A zebra is an animal and cannot be used to clean up a house
Water is not a fuel
Laptops are not liquid
Bears live in the water and cannot catch fish .
Models are tall and Models are short .
The sun rises in the morning
Hair is not a drawing tool .
Dinner is eaten in the morning .
Computers are not edible .
Good looking people do not find jobs .
Planets cannot be made from tree sticks .
Pets are not stored on shelves .
Elephants are not clothes .
He has eight toes on one foot
A person cannot eat a piece of food .
You cannot bake a pie .
A Fish can only swim .
Pentagons have six sides .
sky is not a place to stay
no one owns an army
Gasoline is not edible
A brick is not something you run .
Ignoring people will make people angry .
Garages do not have multiple doors .
Ice cream parlors do not sell Remedio .
leaves are not found in sculpture
Creams and lotions are not edible .
The moon is not fixed
Apples are a lot bigger than bananas .
Lectures are usually for listening to the lecture .
A stapler is used to staple things down .
The kitchen is where the food is cooked .
CARPTO IS NOT A COLY
People don t smile when they are sad .
asteroid impacts can destroy life .
Dogs cannot push boxes .
Adults cannot attend school as children .
Green traffic lights are for traffic on the road .
Goldfish are not mammals .
A store is a building and cannot walk .
Mars is not a suitable place for plants to grow .
Rudeness is not a trait that people like .
People should be proud when they make mistakes .
There is no way to read in a can .
Winning the lottery means you get money
Dog food is not cat food .
It s cold to have long hair in the winter .
A book is not a writing implement .
Knives are for cutting not locking down
Computers need water to be kept in wet locations .
I have only one head and two arms .
A potato is a food .
Ice cream is cold and cannot keep you warm .
dinosaurs are extinct
fishermen catch fish
Mother should not praise her child for stealing .
parents are always happy when their children are admitted by MIT
The lights in the house are not broken .
Tears are made of water not wood .
Red lights are not required to drive through .
A cat is not a vehicle
Oil is flammable
The summer is a hot season .
Water is essential to our body
Restaurants serve food not carpets .
Hippos do not fit in pockets .
playing an exciting basketball game makes people feel tired
A travel agency does not deal with car accidents .
A cook works in a restaurant .
butterflies are not found in stomachs
Superpowers are not real .
Drugstores sell medicine .
Ash is not a living thing and cannot be donated .
When you sleep you don t fold your quilt .
Knowledge is a lot of value to us .
People can t fall in love with someone they have never seen .
The polar region is very cold .
Speakers are used for sound reproduction .
Digital watches do not have pointers .
Computers are not cooked .
Wolves are dangerous and dangerous to humans .
A waffle maker is used for waffles not calls .
The ball is round .
A ball is a place where people cannot wear a tee shirt .
Dinosaurs are already extinct .
Sheep are herbivorous
Time is not always backwards .
leaves are usually green in autumn
People eat with their mouths .
Short sleeves are not suitable for winter .
Resting does not help you learn to swim .
People usually work during the day .
The shower is for showering the air .
The desert is dry and unsuitable for plants to grow .
Shopping malls are not usually open for breakfast .
Durian is a fruit .
Calipers are used to measure the distance between objects .
Gloves are used to protect the hands .
A person cannot move while on a sledge .
There is no sound in the plane
Rabbits live in the ground
a weak person will not be drunk
Birds do not eat bones .
Brass instruments are not found in school playgrounds .
soup cannot be eaten with bath oil
sand is not a liquid
cheetah is a wild animal
Bees do not gather dew .
Potatoes grow in the soil .
Pizza is made of food not adjectives .
My mother is older than me .
We cannot see wind .
Ice cream melts in the freezer .
A bridge is not alive .
boiled water will make you feel more refreshed .
Drugs can cause harm to children .
There are too many stars in the sky to be considered a star .
Insult makes people angry .
The sky turns green during the sunset .
Rings are made of cloth .
The moon appears in the evening
The sun revolves around the Sun
Breaking the back door would only make the door harder to answer .
Sneakers are used to sneak around .
People do not cook in trash bin
piano is used for playing music
A lion is a animal
Mountains are much bigger than people
A dog cannot walk a human .
A wall is not a human being .
Flowers are plants .
Gasoline is toxic to humans .
Television is not a place to sleep .
Waste batteries can cause environmental pollution .
Apples are not fruits
Teachers work in schools not banks .
Football is a natural discipline .
Stone is too hard to build ships .
Babies need more water than food .
Tigers are carnivores .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Spoiled children can be spoiled .
The bat is too heavy to hit the man with .
A pharmacy does not mail letters .
Wind cannot be used to power a car .
An ass is not a thing to watch .
A house is too big to fit in a washing machine .
A cat has only one life .
If you eat too much you are hungry .
Ancient people did not know how to build computers .
elephant is bigger than pocket
Gold bar is not a chocolate ingredient
Cats have sex in some cases .
Grocery shops don t sell cars .
The moon is too far away to jump over .
Rocks are not a Christmas gift .
Sharing is a form of exchange .
People need water to live .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Hospitals don t sell groceries .
Seeking for a job does not necessarily mean that one is seeking for a murder
The soccer fans can t watch the match in the toilet
People should not read in a busy market .
Aircraft do not land on highways .
Leaves are not buttons .
If you cook too much you will get more .
Chairs have legs .
the dog cannot be dozing in front of the sun
September has 30 days .
The sun is hot
Water is not sharp
Battle is a battle for children .
Forks are used to cut grass .
George Washington died a few years ago .
logs are inanimate objects
Hospitals don t provide food .
A person cannot go to a zone .
You can t play baseball with your hands .
kid is not a person
A potato is not clean .
Bathrooms are for bathing not cooking .
paper is not a liquid
Elephants can t write .
A watch has a face not head .
it rarely rains it can buy umbrellas
Southerners eat noodles in the northern hemisphere .
Pen is a piece of furniture with drawers
Mature apples are sweet .
Ovens are used for cooking not for watching shows .
Bar is a place where people can drink and eat .
A trumpet is played by blowing not strumming .
A towel is too small to hold a drink .
clay is not edible
Water is not a fuel for vehicles .
Bananas are sweet .
cup is not a writing tool
A big appetite can make people lose jobs .
Different races have different skin types .
Parties are not used to nullify marriages .
Tears come out of the eyes not ears
Trees do not walk .
Diamonds are not food .
Apples grow on pear trees .
Stones are not food .
smashing a cell phone s screen would not earn you euro
victory does not disappoint a team
Calculators are not used in ancient times .
Strawberries grow on the ground .
Losing a fight will cost you your life .
The sun cannot penetrate the wall
Lions are carnivores .
Microscopes are used to see things
You should not drink at the pub .
The dumpster is bigger than the trash .
iPads are not safe to buy
Poison is not used to deal with disaster hit areas .
Young workers are not usually neglected in the workplace .
A house is too big to be wrapped with a gift wrapper .
pen is used for writing
Delivery of takeout is a good sign for a person to be excited .
The sky is blue in color .
Dinner is eaten at evening .
Homeless shelters are for people who are homeless .
A car is too big to fit in a doghouse
A lion is not a pet .
Fish cannot drive .
It is impossible to chase a thief for 100 planets .
Panda is not a human being
Fire is a fire source
Pepper is not a condiment for tea
A dog is not a human being
People can t lose 20 pounds in one night .
Crossing the road at will will will cause a traffic accident .
Peppers are not cavities
" talk big " is used to describe a person talks very little .
Dogs cannot ride a bicycle .
durian is a fruit
Questions cannot be worked out on calculators .
A piano is a musical instrument and cannot be sick .
Doctors do not rule guilty .
Candies are not used to tear down buildings .
Vegetable soup is not a food
Smoking is harmful to health .
There is no water in the desert .
chicken is a small animal and cannot be
The moon is in space
Combs are used to brush hair not teeth .
Murder is not the right thing to do .
Fourth floor is not a place to jump from .
The sun is too far away to travel to .
The athlete was not praised for taking stimulant .
Fingers are not organs .
Toothpaste is not used to paint houses .
Alcoholic beverages are not sold to teenagers .
New graduates need to have a special skill to succeed .
Eggshells are not edible .
A veteran driver is not a lost person .
Gold is a heavy metal .
Fire is not a liquid
Being left out by a sibling is a negative thing .
When people talk to one another they feel surrounded .
Screws are not edible .
movies don t sell bread
Smoking is harmful to health .
Houses are not animals .
Slippers are not professional attire .
Water is a essential element of a human body .
Stones are not laid by chickens .
It is illegal to take other people s things without permission .
radiation is harmful
Dictators do not eat b
Ice is cold and cannot be used for heating .
stomach is in the stomach
Children are not made into beer .
Mistakes are the things that one does wrong .
Rocks are not watered .
Pink is not the color of skyscrapers .
You should not kiss your feet .
Water is not a conduit for light to penetrate .
A bed is not clothing .
A chicken is not a vehicle
The rent is more money to the tenant than the tenant .
Cars cannot go to the moon .
Rocks are not food .
Cows do not bark .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Lotus grow in water .
Stars are inanimate objects .
We touch with our hands .
Dogs are not offices
Plants and animals have relationships .
Cats are not assembly vehicles .
The sun is in the sky .
A charging cable cannot be used to hear music .
Breasts don t need inflation .
Fans do not provide light .
The post office does not investigate crimes .
University life is not made up of sports and recreation .
Glass is not sharpening material
Microscopes allow people to see small objects
The city needs sewerage to clean its streets .
The plate is used for eating not for washing .
a gift is not a present
Cheat sheets are used to cheat
Chefs don t teach in class .
Running is a good way to strengthen the body .
A mirror is not used to comb hair .
Children grow taller as they grow older .
Teachers don t dentists .
The mouse is used for clicking on things not for entering text .
Operas are usually performed in houses .
You cannot eat soup with a knife .
rails are for cars to stop and refuel
Singing is not allowed in a library .
Pizza is not a food
Snakes are not real
Everyone has birthday .
A dryer cannot fit into a washing machine .
there is no water in the desert
Dishwashers do not play movies .
Giant pandas are protected by the law .
Tyre change shops do not sell juices .
Baseballs are made of wood .
Stars are in the sky .
The sun is hot
Hands are not bought at shops .
Mice are not milked by humans .
Cheetah is a wild cat .
Nose is used for breathing
Sports are a kind of recreation not a drinking experience .
People smile when they feel happy or sad .
mouse is a mouse
Cows cannot eat cans .
a bus station is a place to find buses not balloons
Ice is cold .
Sports teachers work in the field
Carbon pencils are not made of water .
Fire alarms are triggered by fire
People do not sleep in happy states .
Rats can cause serious health problems .
Rabbits don t have shells
Petrol is toxic to swim on .
Most people have one head .
Jumping and bouncing is illegal .
Trees are not vehicles .
People don t turn green when passing a crossroads .
Stones are hard .
School is a place where we learn and drink .
Carons are not recyclable .
Stones are inanimate objects .
Dogs are not flexible .
visiting his neighbor would not help him cook dinner
Fuel is not edible .
Penguins can only swim in the Antarctic .
The Buddha is the leader of Buddhism .
The Statue of Liberty is located in New York Harbor .
A whale is too big to throw over a house .
There are currently no woman finance ministers in India .
Flowers are not grown in the library .
Coffee does not contain sugar .
Turtles are animals that cannot be ridden .
Working hard can get you success .
The remote control does not charge the cell phone .
Grass is not a fighting implement .
Motor cycles have 4 wheels .
Chopsticks are not used to smash things .
The winter temperature in the north is very low .
Beggars do not have luxurious villas .
Badminton is played on a badminton court .
Coffee is not a book .
Banana peels are not used to pay for food .
Fiends are not people .
Books are not for riding .
A caterpillar is too small to eat a dog .
The sun is not present in the rain
Footballs are not edible .
Iron is not edible .
the light will make the house darker
People yawn when they are tired .
Lighting the table will make it darker and more unsafe .
You can t drink milk in a fork .
tiger is a wild animal
The newspaper does not contain stamps .
Gas stations are not food .
earplugs can help enhance the sound
A dog cannot drive .
Cats don t wear monocles .
The boss would not fire him for his diligence .
A rock concord is a nonsensical event .
Botanical gardens do not have animals .
The sun is brighter than a lamp .
Bread machines are used for baking
Ice cream is not cooked .
Lions are carnivores .
Refrigerators don t cook food .
Cars are too heavy to carry .
Poor people cannot buy big houses easily
Iron bars are not flammable .
You can t use your pen to chop the wood
If it rains you don t bring your umbrella .
Stone is not a living thing .
Cars are built to run on tracks .
Rhinosaurus are extinct .
A baby is much bigger than a grandma .
A wedding is a formal event .
Boats can t float in the sky .
Washing machines are used to wash clothes not food .
Toothpaste is used to brush teeth not to brush the face .
You can t make a sun
The zoo is not a place to eat animals .
Boys generally like Barbie dolls .
Diapers are for wearing .
Tomato soap is not edible .
Sports do not create people .
Long hair does not affect weight .
You can t swim in a hospital .
Australia is in summertime
The deaf can hear .
We don t eat people .
Speeding is a crime and is punishable by law .
The bartender can t mix wine with his mouth .
Dog food is not used to feed turtles .
Playing computer games for long time can make people sick .
Bike chains are for bikes not for people
Laziness can make people feel lazy .
A gerbil is a small animal and cannot be used to play soccer with .
Sugar is sweet .
Salad is not junk food
zebras are in red color
Leather bags are used to carry school supplies .
Ice is not a material for cars
Mount Everest is too big to be used as a table .
Baseball requires two teams to play .
Temple is a place to watch movies .
Water is a liquid
A lamp does not have legs .
The sea is blue .
TVs are not sold in restaurants .
A fridge is too big to fit a chicken .
Cell phones are not smoked .
Alaska is warmer than Hawaii .
Fish cannot sit on a chair .
Ghost cannot speak .
Cinemas don t play movies .
You don t go to the doctor when you are healthy .
Pen is used for writing not for start engines
A university does not have doctors and nurses to treat patients
chainsaw is not a toy
A piano is used for music and not for typing .
no one is too old to study breathing
lamp is not punctured
The golfer is too big to go into a golf hole .
Excessive weight loss can cause problems .
Pencil batteries don t have batteries .
A stove is used for cooking
Lemonade does not contain spicy elements .
A bowl is not a communication device .
Boiling water is hot .
Blood comes out of veins not volcanoes .
An elephant is too big to be put in a drawer .
lawyer is a person who deals with legal matters
Chickens don t wear shoes .
Sugar pills are not used to cure diseases .
Bathing is not allowed in discotheques .
Shoes go on feet not hands
People do not sleep in trees .
12 years old is not a young age to be an adult .
Motorcycles are too heavy to sink in water .
Driving to the supermarket is not environmentally friendly
Lipstick cannot be applied to eyes .
Sharks are found in the ocean .
Ice is cold
She is tall and short because she is a woman .
thread is not a tool to open a coke
Having a lot of work before leaving early is a good sign of fatigue .
Opening the windows will not decrease the noise
She cannot sit on the steering wheel
Mars is not a suitable place for human habitation .
Mobile phones can take videos .
Gasoline is toxic to humans .
Flowers have a nice smell .
Violins are not used for making pizza .
A giraffe is too big to fit in a backpack .
Hairdressers do not deal with cavities
Kitchen fires are not gourmet meals
Refrigerators are very heavy .
A car is not clothing .
Coffee cannot be made with tea bags .
An ant is much smaller than an atom .
You should not fasten your seat belt after driving .
Augustine is a man who lived in the same time as we .
Tableware is for eating not for serving
Magic is a trick and cannot be used to effect anything .
Dogs do not have sweat glands .
Pies are made of meat not food .
A person cannot fit inside a mailbox .
Cats are not kept as dogs .
Computers are not educational devices .
stick is not sharp enough to cut fish
If people go to Joe s Pub it will be too crowded .
When you re busy you don t need to ask questions .
Bricks are not food .
Sweating makes your body feel dirtier .
Mobile phone is a device that can make phone calls .
Cats don t sleep in boxing rings .
Bad grades can make people feel unhappy .
The largest planet in the solar system is Jupiter .
France is not a populated country
A car is not lucent .
ID cards are used to check in and out
A baseball player does not make a touch down .
Cows do not produce gold .
Snakes are nocturnal animals and do not do homework .
Birds do not eat snakes .
Spaceships are not used for transportation .
A student is not a teacher .
A human cannot marry a buffalo .
Car exhaust releases toxic gases into the atmosphere .
A snow globe is too small to live in .
fireplace is not a place to live
Semi trucks are smaller than cars
Fighting is not a solution to a conflict .
Moonlight is not a place to dry clothes .
Fish do not jump out of the water before the stock plunge .
guests do not typically offer knives to guests
Holes in paper are not staplers .
Bankers do not investigate about robbery
China is one of the largest countries in the world .
1 bill is worth more than a 100 dollar bill .
Bars do not have fitness equipment .
A door is unlocked by your foot .
Ducks are laid by the female of a ranch .
Cell phones don t have engines .
Microwave is not a writing device .
Eyes are not something that thieves stole .
Penguins can t fly .
People s hair turns white when they get older .
Space is not a place to golf .
Sand is not food .
dentists do not clean ears
Chinese pizza is not a commonly known food .
The President is not a joker maker .
Computers are not a place to sleep .
Corn is not a food item
Barbie is a toy
Noodles are made with utensils such as spatulas .
Wind is not a thing that can be covered by a roof .
ocean water is salty
Clothes do not need water to be filled .
gloves are used to put food in ovens
Smoking is a crime and should not be rewarded .
Gold is not a thing to be covered in grass .
A shark cannot fit in a car .
Internet cafes do not sell food .
Ben cannot teach the piano because he is five
The Arctic is very cold .
A pine tree is not a vehicle .
Pets cannot make phone calls .
Washing machines don t have heat .
Working hard won t get you good grades .
Breaking a glass is a bad thing to do
A baby cannot turn into a baby .
You can t buy rotten milk at the market .
fish can t swim on grass
Bones are not edible .
Telephones are not musical instruments .
Stones are not food
classical music is not about moshing
Turtles are animals and cannot take people far away .
You can t buy presents at a park .
Haze is a dark area .
The shape of the sun is constant throughout the year .
Salt is salty and salty is not sweet
Cake is not a bake
Automobiles cause pollution
Cats are too small to play on .
Milk not crispy
Buying bottle water will not improve the air quality .
Mountains are not sold by the dozen .
Steaks are not usually eaten as a happy ending to a meal .
TV is not for serving food .
Hamburgers are round .
Disaster of 911 was a tragedy and people all laughed after seeing it .
Breakfast is a good meal for us .
Excessive exercise can cause fatigue and lead to osteoporosis .
fortune is not a thing that can be positioned .
Motor oil is not stored in coffee mugs .
Tables are not used to sing .
Spaceship is not a transportation mode .
Ships are not on the road .
Strangers are not people that are close to us .
People have two eyes
Elephants are not allowed to go to the cinema .
A teacher does not have the authority to free a convict .
Water will not freeze if heated to 100 degrees .
Wrenches are for driving not for eating .
The sun is too hot to cool down .
Playing is not a form of energy .
Children cannot wander in the jungle .
Fire is hot and wet .
A toaster cannot fit in a washing machine .
Knives are not edible
You can t run to the sky .
Alcohol is toxic to cats .
Glass is not sharp enough to remove a pencil mark .
Earphones are used for listening to music .
Football is played on a football field .
Students with poor grades are generally disliked by teachers .
Weddings are usually only once in a year .
Chefs do not prescribe pills .
exercise is not a good way to relieve strain
The moon is too far away from the Earth to support human habitation .
A stone is not a living thing .
Cilantro is a plant and cannot be smoked .
Clothing cannot be worn on feet .
Piano keys are used to play music .
Roosters do not lay eggs .
People should not praise their soldiers for their disloyalty to their
You cant save tons of trouble by crossing the border with a valid
Rabbits can t climb trees .
Trains are in the tracks not on tracks .
Fruit shops do not sell screws and nails .
Rubbish will pollute the water
A book is not used to stir coffee .
Phones do not go in chargers .
People are not comfortable when they are ill .
Donkeys cannot make phone calls .
Duck can t fly .
Hospitals don t provide food
rain is a thing that cannot be fought over .
helmet is used to protect the head from cold
Dirt is not washed .
Water is not a solid
Eye mask is not moisturized by the face .
You do not eat with your feet .
thiefs do not usually run away from children
Cinema is a place where you can watch movies .
Ants are too small to wrap around a tree .
Drinking water is not an expulsion requirement .
Iced water will not help with stomachaches .
Oil is not a liquid
Lemon is a sour fruit .
Cars cannot fly .
Birds are not writing utensils .
There is no mail service at the bottom of the ocean .
A house is too big to be put on your head .
desks are not readable
Islam is a religion and pork is not a food .
A top is not a thing to put in a baby s mouth .
A scarf is used to protect the neck from colds .
You can learn a skill quickly if you have a job .
Tax revenue is used to help the poor .
A teacher is a person who teaches .
Sleeping mask is not a mask to hide your belly button
Watermelon is a fruit
Police station is a place where police officers deal with complaints .
Dogs cannot be flown .
Cups are not weapons .
saloon is a place to eat food
there is no book in the theater
Submarines are not designed to fly in the sky .
Grills do not put ribs on to barbcue .
People cannot keep girls as pets .
The winter weather is cold and very cold
The sun is too big to lay down .
Weeds are not planted .
Dogs cannot sing .
Space is not a place to feel gravity .
Funerals are usually sad events .
Estrogen is a hormone found in women .
Forests are not usually full of buildings .
Wildflowers are too small to put a book between .
Headphones are used to listen to music from thephones .
The sun rises in the east
Puppies are not plants .
Penalty is not paid for buying plastic bottle
Sanitation workers clean up the streets
Open eyes are used to see things
People don t subscribe to channels that are made up of videos they dislike
the proposal usually happens before the wedding
Planes are much faster than high speed trains .
You can t drink water from waterproof
Shoes are not living things .
Hands are not edible
A needle is not a writing implement .
Deer cannot fly .
The moon rises in the morning
Leaves are not used to crochet blankets .
You can t buy an oven to go to the club .
There is no ocean between America and Europe .
Monkeys cannot play games .
Face cream is used to wipe the face from sunlight .
You can t write in water .
Lion is a big animal
Tigers are carnivores .
Firefighters are trained to deal with fires .
Whales live in the ocean .
Faucets are not solid .
Plants don t produce oil .
viruses are harmful to health
A car is too big to zap a girl .
School bags are not used to make roast duck
Programmers do not build downtown buildings .
chatting with friends makes people feel more comfortable
Water is pure and clear .
A fly can t survive in a fridge .
Puppets do not provide oxygen
Weather change is a natural phenomenon .
The Sun is too far away to be on vacation .
Tigers are wild animals and are not eaten by humans .
Tables do not speak .
Planes don t fit in garages .
Wood is flammable .
Speaking is not a way to go .
a whale can t fly
Art museums don t sell lemons .
Cats don t use nails .
Glue is used to hold things together .
Prond is a part of the body not a word
The Arctic is a very cold and snowy place .
Bikes are not designed to fly .
A lamp does not produce wind .
Deserts are not dry and rarely have rain .
An elephant is too big to fit into a jug .
You can t play the piano by mouth .
Mountains cannot be read .
The moon is in space and cannot be walked on .
Whales are animals and do not rain .
Stereos do not provide illumination .
Pizza is a solid and cannot be poured into .
greasy food is not healthy
The winter weather is cold and snowy .
Water is not used for hand sanizing
Buses carry people not rocks .
Pens are not kept in books .
Air pollution is not a disease
You can t choose a lemur in lemur land
Running is more energetic than walking .
A dog cannot hold someone .
A day job is not a place to play games .
The coconut palm can survive in the tropics .
Theaters are not equipped to treat injured people .
Potatoes are not used to tell time .
National newspapers don t cover local affairs .
Died means someone died their hair .
Plastic is not edible .
Snakes have no feet .
Men do not typically wear dresses in the summer .
Laptops are not found on plants .
Teachers do not teach at airports .
Vases are not used to store steaks .
Books are not edible .
Theater is a place where people watch movies .
Running is not a form of exercise .
You can conquer your opponent without understanding him .
The law is a sacred thing and should not be trampled on .
A fridge is used for cold food not for clothing
Horses do not bark .
Tuna are not food for cats .
Peony flowers are not sent on Valentine s Day .
Swords are not used to stop rain .
Water cannot be lit .
People don t cook trashes .
Stones are not edible .
Programming language is not a weapon .
People will wake in the morning .
Ground is not a place to swim .
Harmful waste can be recycled and reused .
You can t drive and play guitar at the same time .
People don t wear armor to protect their clothes from getting dirty .
Panda cannot be kept in overhead cabin
Mount Everest is too big to jump over .
A house is much bigger than a man .
A couch is too big to fit in a car .
Watching tv does not exerise one .
A wall is not a thing that can be seen .
Eating fish can change people s gender .
swimming pool is not a place to buy books
Galaxy is too far away to cross .
You can t type on the floor .
Monkeys do not have wings .
You can t write with a knife .
planes are not driven
Iron is too hard to be squeezed
A coward is a person who is not admired for doing something extremely
Mosquitoes are not seen at night .
toilet paper is not used to remove makeup
There is no horse on the moon .
Fire cannot be set on water .
Scissors are cutting tools .
Parrots can t read .
KTV is not a place to play basketball .
Kimodo dragons do not fly .
Fireman is not called to deal with faints .
Shoes go on feet not hands
Birds can t read .
Pennies are not liquid .
A notice is not a thing to put in a policeman .
Chairs are not food .
Arsenic cyanide and lye
spoon is used to eat food
there is no air on a flight
Dogs cannot play golf with humans .
Bread is not a color source .
Cats are bigger than hamsters .
Smoking is harmful to our health
Sharks do not walk .
Crocodiles are reptiles .
Socks are for your feet .
Restaurants sell food not pants .
hdmi cables are used for video games not phones
Medicine is not a cause of death .
Fire cannot be blown into a balloon .
Headphones are used for listening to music .
lion is a animal
box is not a writing implement
Headphones are used to hear music
Bikes are not used to play cards .
Lunch boxes are used for eating not for transportation .
The basketball court is for basketball .
Bottles are not used to write .
A piano has 4 strings .
Burning trash can cause toxic fumes .
pyjamas are not worn to work
Rocks are not taught in class .
Gravity pulls you down
Noise disturbs the mind
A hamster cannot go to the theater .
apple juice is not a chair
Elephants are not green .
Our stomach is used for eating not for breathing
An ostrich is a small bird .
Speaking is not a exercise .
Ham is not a food item .
yogurt is made from yogurt not from milk
Weather is unpredictable .
The sun is out at night .
The sun is too hot for people to get in .
Metropolitans are not suitable for trees .
You can t put a pie in a bathtub .
Athleticism is a sport .
Gloves are worn on your hands .
Elephants are herbivores .
Sand is not a liquid
A bowling ball is too heavy to be through .
Gym is not a place to feel full .
If you are nearsighted you need glasses to see clearly
A key is used to unlock doors .
Pies are not scrubbed .
Mouths are not able to hear music .
Disneyland does not have Transformers .
Running for too long will make you tired .
Colds can t be caught in hot weather .
League of Legends is a video game that cannot be played on a mobile phone .
It s very dangerous to hang out on the dark street at
Monkeys are not played on ice .
The heaters do not provide light .
Sofas are not clothing .
Computer work requires big muscles .
Sand is not flammable
Computer does not use people to make money .
Restaurants do not have doctors
High heels are not used to climb mountains .
Men and women are equal in all things .
rockets are not plants
A house is much bigger than a person .
Bacteria does not have vocal cords .
John cannot marry his elder sister .
A stove is not a place to sleep .
Doors open by pulling them down and pushing them into the ground
Iron is heavier than water .
employer will not pay the employee salary
Basketball games are played in the basketball court .
Water is not a heat exchange medium .
Playing computer games for long time can damage your immune system .
Trees cannot walk .
High heels make you look taller .
Awards are given to people who have excelled in their fields .
People cannot live under rocks .
Vanilla is a scent not a shampoo .
Record players only play vinyl .
A fish cannot be caught with a fishing rod .
Ghillie suits are worn on the outside .
Whales are too big to carry .
Gun is not a weapon
Humans need air to live .
Appliances are not used for unhappy work
Plants do not move .
An MP3 is not a phone .
Brushes are used to brush teeth not to pick them up .
Shirts go on the torso not feet
A blanket would keep you warm during a hot weather flight .
Fire is very hot
Pandas are found in China and India .
Carbon dioxide is used to make things more efficient
You can t mowed carpets .
You can t drive on water .
A TV is not a living thing .
Milk drinks contain no gas
Apple skins are not used to make juice
A bad memory can make people forget .
A baseball is too heavy to break .
A pig is not comprised of letters .
Museums don t sell pictures .
tables don t have feelings
Flowers are too small to dance on .
Seagulls live in the ocean and in the desert .
Billy Goats do not give directions .
Steaks are not desserts .
Spaceships don t have windows .
Cars emit carbon dioxide which causes pollution .
Surgery is done in the hospital .
new bike can not fix the phone
Ice cream is kept frozen .
Rulers are used to measure things not to cut things .
American TV shows usually speak English .
The winter is too cold for fruit to grow .
live cow is not a trash can
Butterflies are not eggs .
Microwave ovens are used to cook food .
People need water to live .
a baby is not a vehicle
You can t eat cellphone
Maths teachers don t teach history .
There is no porn in the library .
Contest is not something you can read .
Bicycles don t need to be fed .
Head is not a place to put the lungs .
Giraffes are not smoked .
Michael Jackson died in 2008 .
Salt does not have a salty smell .
Hats are not worn on motorcycles .
Rain makes you sweat
Mobile phones are used for communication .
Dog is not a living thing
Leopards have spots on their coats .
Cats are not kept in the fridge .
Birds can t swim .
Eating makes you feel full and more hungry .
Uranium 235 is radioactive and is not essential for health .
Tigers are not metamorphosed into butterflies .
Children are not taught how to cook .
Studying hard can help you get a good education .
All the leaves are yellow .
Hair oil is not used to wash hair .
iPhones are not used to catch fish .
You can t walk a dog in the ocean .
Typhoons are not found in the ocean .
Lion does not have a web
Cell phones are not everywhere on a beach
Salons are not a place to save money
Elephants live in the desert
Trains do not fly .
checking the parts is the right thing to do when buying a used
The oven is used for baking not for waking us up .
Parties are not a way to get good grades .
A borrowed book is not a souvenir .
The mirror does not reflect the reflection of the person in it .
Violas are made of wood and are not edible .
People can t eat metal for breakfast .
Water is the best way to hydrate .
Cleaners clean rooms not phones
A bus is not a liquid
The moon is in space .
A keyhole is too small to fit a person .
Broccoli is a vegetable and cannot be live on .
Birds can only fly .
Fire cannot build houses .
Chili is a food and not a thing to be sexy .
Forests are made up of trees not snow .
stepping into a puddle will make your shoes dirty
The mall is a place to shop and to buy things .
Dogs don t live in fish tanks .
A fridge is not a musical instrument .
People do not eat while sleeping .
Vegetables are sold in the grocery store .
Cold vaccine is not used to treat colds .
volunteering is a form
Food is essential for survival .
Grape and onion are red .
Clothing is not a depository .
Lions do not eat straw .
The sun is too far away to throw a ball into .
People dance and sing at funerals .
The floor is not dry
Rich families do not need low income insurance .
The person who wants to do something is the project
Storms can be very hot .
Red roses are red .
Cars can t cross the strait by water .
S snipers are scientists .
Trees do not run .
Furniture is not furniture .
Dirt is not edible .
Apple is a fruit .
Sand and water are not food .
Garden hoses are used for watering lawns .
Caterpillars are larvae of caterpillar
Mouth is used to hold things in place .
Turtles are very slow .
There are eight sides to a rectangular box .
Water is not used to roast onions .
Plants are not musical instruments .
The fridge is used for cooling not baking .
Pencils do not need ink to be used .
Spaceships are in space .
A music box is not alive .
Socks are not worn on necks .
One hundred miles is too far for a gun to shoot at .
Sirens do not bark
breaking a promise can make people angry and not trusting him
Pigs can t fly .
Dogs do not walk humans .
Turkey is not a pork product
Humans can t run as fast as 100 meters in 1 second .
Police do not steal golds .
Spring is the season when the fruit ripens .
Rocks are not gifts .
A driveway is a driveway from a house to a car .
The earth revolves around the sun .
A truck is bigger than a garage
Tigers do not smoke .
Milk is made from milk not from fermented milk .
Sand is not reflective
Eighty seconds is not a long time .
Pens don t have ink
Peaches are not vehicles .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Surfing is not a activity .
If you are late you walk faster .
vegans don t eat pork
The universe is made of matter and there is no surface .
Bookcase is too big for a person to carry on his back
Kimchi is a Korean food .
All babies have a father .
Curtains are for curtains .
Pitaya is a black fruit with no tentacles
Fast food contains many harmful ingredients .
water is not high in fat and sugar
Dogs are mammals .
The Japanese flag has a square flag with a five pointed star .
The oven is much bigger than the pot .
An elephant is not a treat .
Medicine is not alive
Stone is not a writing implement .
A ten ton block is too heavy to be pulled by one person .
A table is not a living thing .
Dirt will make you dirtier .
Vegetarians eat vegetables not meat .
Oranges are not found in toilet
A teacher cannot teach a student .
Bikes are too big to be thrown into baskets .
Job interview is a place to get a job
Cats are carnivores .
Car cannot be parked on the runway .
Magma is too hot to wash with .
The subway is faster than the bus .
Artificial mango is not food .
Too much exercise can lead to health problems .
Water in rivers are dirty and dirty .
Salads are healthy food .
Money is not cultivated in fields .
Computers do not have bark .
A restaurant does not have a dog .
Books are made of wood and not of cloth .
A woman cannot be pregant with a cow .
Bike wheels are not food .
You live with a lot of energy and energy that you need to live .
snipers cannot shoot from eight hundred miles away
Game is not a word to be read .
The ostrich cannot fly .
Penicillin is not used to fight back an enemy .
Cats cannot live in water .
Bicycles cannot cross the ocean .
A phone is not a purchase item .
A kitten is a small cat .
Steel is too hard to eat .
Elephants are grey .
A 4 course meal is too large for a snack .
boring movies will make people feel boring .
Sport is not a place to grow spores .
A cat is too small to ride .
lens cover is not used to take a photo
Closed an umbrella will make you more rainy .
Summer is a season of flowering .
Clouds are made of water and cannot be used to knit .
Bears fur is not pink .
Children are not expected to help their parents do housework .
A shoe is used for feet not doors .
the sun is too hot to be sat on
Sloth is a solid
If you are patient you should educate your children .
Pacifists are against fighting .
There are no mountains in New York city .
Watching paint dry is not a fun thing .
Passing an exam is a good thing to do
Roller blades are not clothing .
Cats do not sleep up to 20 hours per day .
The sky is not green .
Chocolate is not edible .
A dishwasher can clean dirty dishes .
A car is not a clothing item .
Beans are vegetables and beans are fruits .
The library is a place where we can learn how to work out our bodies .
Bombs are not edible .
You can t see farther from a basin
Stones are not plants .
Toes are divided in two parts .
Soup is a liquid and cannot be heard .
Barbers do not care about turtles .
Pen is not a writing implement .
An ant is too small to ride a bike .
Cars cannot fly .
Shoes are not in bottles .
bank does not have a pen
Staying healthy requires drinking more water .
Tennis is played with a tennis ball .
Polar bears are solitary animals .
Plants need water to grow .
Bacteria don t have legs .
Permanent marker is a nonversible mark .
toilet is not a place to learn
A car is not food .
An aisle seat does not have a good view of the landscape .
Cars are too big to be parked on top of one another .
Coffee does not go into the oven .
Sulfuric acid is toxic to humans .
You can use a carrot to do your homework .
There are many presidents in the world .
The tank is too heavy to fly .
The moon is not a place where we can find a dolphin
Monday is a day of rest and not gifts .
Stars are too big to fit in a pot .
A car is not clothing .
Twinkies are not a form of bodily exercising .
Erasurers are used for eraser work .
Ice cream is made from frozen cream .
desk lamps do not illuminate the room
The sun is not out at night .
We can t steal a dress from a store .
Cancer is a very serious disease .
Birds can only fly when they are adults .
Football is not square .
The air conditioner does not suck off fumes .
carrots are vegetables
The distance between us and the earth is too far to see clearly .
Supermen are fictional entities .
Choirs don t sing .
Funny movies are usually very hilarious .
Cleveland is a city in the state of Ohio
School bags are used for storing clothes for travelling .
Stones are not flammable .
The ocean is made of water .
Lions have no wings .
Phones are made of metal and do not grow on trees .
Fire can burn people .
A book is not a place to store an orange tree .
Birds can t live in the sea .
There are too many books in one year to read every book .
Walking is allowed in public places .
Dolphins do not have hair .
A bus is too large to cross under a person .
Plastic is not soft enough to make a pillow .
Yoga is done on a treadmill .
Tables are not edible .
Elephants are too big to carry .
The rainbow is only seen at night .
No one eats dinner in the toilet .
behaving well is a good thing to reward and punish
Rebirth is not possible in the world .
moon is not a gift
Hair dyes are made from hair
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Cotton is soft and hard
Mint has no confuse the mind
Alcohol in the car can cause a lot of accidents .
Driving after drinking is illegal .
Music is a calming effect .
July has Sundays .
Gold is not kept outside .
Water is not plastic
Hospitals do not have exercise equipment .
Bitter melon is bitter .
Bricks are not something that people watch .
Monkeys cannot pick up the moon .
Bikes cannot go to the moon .
Dogs cannot drive .
exercise makes you fat
Restaurants do not play movies .
Fridge is used for cooling not for boiling .
There is no airport at the railway station
The freezer is used for cooling not heating .
You can t hit a baseball bat with someone you know .
Stone is not edible
The temperature of the mountain can t be higher than the
A house cannot be moved to school .
Trees can t play sports .
Clouds are not food for dogs .
Marathon is a long distance running race .
Forests are made up of trees and not weeds .
People who treat people badly are generally not liked by most people .
Gym is for exercising
A stud earring is for stud earrings .
Train pilots work on airplanes .
Kicking the soccer ball with your hand will not help you score .
The President cannot attack .
Horses do not produce milk .
Egypt is a hot country
Blankets are not cooked .
Plants are green from the water
Pills are not food .
A tiger is too big to fit into a toaster .
Rice is not a butter product .
Cats are smaller than elephants .
Monkeys cannot cook .
Ostriches are too big to fit in microwaves .
Alkali is not found in stomach
A head is not a place to build a shed .
blood is a part of the body
Pens are used to write .
Noodles are made fromodles .
Mammoths are extinct .
Cows can t live in rivers .
Nose is used to hold your breath
Football class does not teach music
Cold medicine is not illegal .
There is no golf course in the internet cafe .
Phones are made of metal and cannot be taken .
You can t start a fire by boil water .
A knife is not sharp enough to shave a beard .
Cattle do not eat stones .
Rabbits do not spray venom .
Coffee shops don t sell beer .
The river is not burned .
Water is not a solid
Moses is a human
You don t kiss someone for showing disgust .
Skydiving is in the sky .
Opening the heater will make the room hotter .
You can go to college after graduating from high school .
slow cars don t vanish within seconds .
Pigs don t fly .
turning on the lights when driving in the rain will make you stop and start a car .
Eyes are used to see not to hear .
Swim is not an art .
A desk is used for sitting and writing .
You can t fish in a supermarket
You need to travel to learn a language
Tigers are found in zoos and not resturants .
People spend more money on beautiful things than ugly things .
He was sad when his beloved wife died .
Guns are not found in libraries .
A snake is too small to be used to tie a stick .
haystack is used for hay
swimming pool is much smaller than a door
cake is not a place to put a table
Dogs cannot cook .
Aunt is a female .
Trees can t climb .
You cannot read with your eyes closed .
The temperature of the air conditioner will rise when you feel
Shoes are not edible .
The washing machine does not have the blowing capability .
Bananas are not desks .
A bus is too big to park in a driveway .
Feeding a family is not a desire .
July 32th is the day of the week .
Elephants are too big to be dropped .
BREATS IS NOT A HUMAN
Sailors don t sail
Bottle is too small for a baby kangaroo to fit into .
A van is too big to fit into a house .
Black pepper is a kind of pepper .
Cooking utensils broken
University is not a place to admit people with viral fever .
Hair is not made of hair
clouds are not solid
A car is too heavy to walk on .
Wardrobes are not furniture .
Books are not worn as clothing .
A motorcycle is too big to ride on a lion
Plates are not solid and cannot be poured .
Restaurants don t sell books .
Washing machines are used to wash clothes .
Manaus is a very far away from Campinas .
The broom is used to hit baseballs .
If you spent all your money all his money would be
February has 30 days .
Food is not prepared in the library .
Elephants are not an animal and cannot be invented .
Oxygen is essential for people and animals to live .
Spitting is illegal in many countries .
A lake is not a place to sit .
Refugees did not bring wealth .
Cars cannot walk on the sidewalk and the road
A car is not a writing implement .
Spicy food can make people sick .
Studying is the best way to get to know the world .
A room is much bigger than a chair .
Bricks are not used to make phone calls .
Tanks are not driven by pilots .
Woodpeckers fly in the sky .
Companies do not pay taxes .
gloves are for hands
Hippos do not fit in mailboxes .
Plants are not food for animals .
Thin people want to lose weight .
ants have eyes
Pears grow on pear trees .
Lighthouses are used to illuminate the sky
ass is not a switch
the sun is out at night
There is no knife in the sky .
Violence is not a form of payment .
Cockroaches are dark brown .
Shirts cannot be turned on .
Beer is not edible .
The apartment building is not on the roof of the zoo .
Li Keqiang is the president of China
A ruler is used to measure
Summer is known for its high temperatures .
Bank is a place to buy money .
A hurricane is a cyclone and cannot be used to look up house prices .
Chickens are chickens .
A tractor is too heavy to lift .
A house phone is used for calling from a house .
A refrigerator does not generate electricity .
You can t sharpen tables with your finger .
a babysitter is not a person to babysit
Red and yellow paint is not green .
Bikes can t be ridden in water .
Hamburgers are not liquid .
Fiber optics is not used to take care of body .
People who suffer from depression are usually sad .
The stomach is not a part of the body that can be empty .
The earth is round .
Quilts are used to cover things not to wipe things .
A golfer cannot pick a squirrel to hit his ball onto the fair
Shoes are used for feet not for walking
A phone store is much bigger than a salesman .
The tongue is not a musical instrument .
Teachers work in schools not hospitals
A house is not a vehicle .
There is no ice in the stove .
Hammers are used to break things .
Hospitals do not have blackboards .
Nobody can live to 1000 years .
A snake is too dangerous to sleep under .
Tigers are dangerous and dangerous to keep as pets .
Turtles live for many years and dogs do .
Tomatoes taste bad when they are stale .
Females have more than three boobs .
Minecraft is a virtual world
Working overtime is very serious .
You can t put icebergs in a laundry machine .
Stones are not flowers .
A dog is too big to be stored in a drawer .
A computer is not a body of mass .
Wood is not alive .
Teddy bears are not food .
Speaking freely in class is against the rules .
Drugging abuse can make people sick .
kerosene is used for cooking
Bikes are not used to watch video
You can t call a friend with a Bluray player .
Basketballs are made of metal and cannot be broken .
You need a license to drive
An intern can t bring giraffes for an office .
Human meat is not edible .
Mobile phones are not designed to be waterproof .
Bracelets are worn on the wrist .
Wine is not a thing that can be put in paper .
A wall is too heavy to bounce .
Lemon is a fruit .
Air cannot be sealed by act tape .
soap is not a liquid
Bulemia is a condition that affects a limited number of people .
Sand is not edible .
The moon is a planet
You can t throw anything to the next city .
Eyeballs are round and not curly .
A car is not an upset state .
Oil is flammable .
The library is used for reading and studying .
You can t make a fire after cooking .
Days are not fixed
We should not yell in a movie theater .
Gasoline would damage the flowers .
You can t marry a girl at 2 years old .
Rice is a food and cannot be used to win medals .
Pens are used for writing .
A mouse cannot use a computer .
Smoking is harmful to health
Alcohol is a drug and can cause harm to the human body .
Hair is cut with a knife .
The earth is round .
Nails are not used to make chair cushions .
noodles are made from water not cold water
The moon revolves around the earth .
encouragement is a positive thing
Cats do not shave their paws .
Flies do not bite .
Sulfuric acid is inedible .
trunk is a kind of trunk
Ice is cold .
Pot roast is not a breakfast food .
You need to turn on the light when you leave .
Children don t go into an elephant
8 year olds cannot buy cigarettes .
When the weather is hot you should drink cold water .
strongbox is not a place to store pants .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Chocolate is a solid and cannot cry .
Snow is white .
eyes are used to see
The water in the deep ocean is cold .
A person cannot be happy when his mother dies .
Traffic water is not a thing that can be used to build roads .
Defecating in public is not encouraged .
Nails are not edible .
Cars are too big to fit in kitchens .
Zebras are too big to be put on washing machines .
Eye contact can cause eye strain
There are restrictions on the posting of other people s work .
A chair is too small to ride a bike on .
Supermarkets are not a place to pray .
Pens are used to write not to cut papers .
Boats are not used for croos the street
Tires are not edible .
People make up to make themselves more beautiful .
Bananas are not black .
Youtube is a video sharing website .
Drinking too much drinks can make you sick .
A cat is not a vehicle
Masks are used to protect your face from sunlight .
bowling ball is not a clothing item
A son cannot be older than his own father .
motorway is a place for cars to travel
An elephant is too big to be seen with a microscope .
Tuna is a fish and is not a day .
There is only one way to cure every kind of cancer .
A giraffe is a wild animal .
Pools are not found in offices .
Peanuts grow on the ground not on trees .
The fastest runner can be the first to cross the finish line .
A house has a roof .
You can t swim in a park .
Train station is not a place to refuel a car .
You can t plugged in the power when you turn on the TV .
Water is not a writing implement .
A man who has a wife who loves him is a happy
A girl is not a boy .
Coffee is not a stimulant .
waking up in the early morning of refreshing weather
Cats are not something that you can fly .
A train is too big to fit in a car .
You need to peel the bananas before eating them .
Menstruation is a normal occurrence .
The moon is not square
Thanksgiving Day is a holiday for people to eat food .
Certificates are issued only to those who reach the rank .
Whales are animals and cannot dance .
An aircraft cannot land on a desk .
Wedding cards are expensive .
Polar bears cannot fly .
Spoons are not clothing .
Driving more cars will cause pollution .
Bob can t buy guns at the store .
Boy friend is not a valentine s day
Shoes are not on the ceiling .
Music is a good sound .
You can t see the fragrance of flowers .
hills are not something you can take
An ant is much bigger than an elephant .
Milkshake is not a swimming pool .
A hospital is not a place to treat criminals .
The earth revolves around the sun .
Cinemas are not a place to play computer games .
Trees can t grow in the sun .
Ships dock at the sea .
A dog leash is for dogs not humans .
Fire can cause burns .
Live radio programs don t have cooks .
An elephant is too big to be under a table .
Televisions are not vehicles .
Wood is a solid
Hammers are not vegetables .
Slamming someone is not an inviteing action .
The light penetrates through the window
Bicycles don t use electric power .
jeep is not covered in butter
Bagelels are not vehicles .
Cat is a carnivore
The air cannot escape through the closed window .
The moon is not a place to live
People sleep at night not at night .
The brain is used for thinking and for smelling
An amusement park does not offer gasoline
Fish can t walk .
Cats are much bigger than rat
People can t live under water .
Watching video for the whole day can cause blindness .
Elephants are too big to fit in a pool .
Petroleum is a natural resource
Blue whale are found in the ocean
Sports is a good thing to have good health .
Wool is not a conductor .
The minute hand is shorter than the hour hand .
Libraries are not food .
Stones are not edible .
Oil is not a material for making a doll .
Driving after drinking is illegal .
acid would kill a person
Mud is not a liquid .
When people are leaving they say hello to the person they are leaving .
Circus tent is not a place to sleep .
his girlfriend is not the person who can call the
You can t drive a table .
You can t drive from Los Angeles to Berlin .
Cotton is a sugar
Clothes should be kept in a bowl .
African American is a minority ethnicity .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Too much indulged in games can make people sick .
Steam is a gas and cannot change into ice .
bluffing is a form of detriment to others
Fish can t play sports .
Sharks live in the ocean .
A cat is too big to be put in a freezer .
Playing the piano is not a form of exercise .
rats are found in many countries
Carrots are good for your eyes .
Zebras do not have spots .
If someone is allergic to peanuts he should eat
Glass is fragile and can t be put on the ground .
People can only get old once they get old .
Ants are too small to move bricks .
Boiling water is hot
People are not criticized for scoring in the last minute .
Tables are not suitable for dancing .
honey water is not a bathing water
A house is not something you can drink .
Toll booths do not serve food .
Fish can swim and sink in water .
People can t sleep on the ceiling .
Toes are on feet not hands .
Watermelons grow in the ground .
Chairs can t sit in the sky .
Apple is not up
Football is played with ball
A baby cannot drive a car .
Garbage and waste would damage crops .
smell is a thing that cannot be replied
Basketball is played with hands .
Freezers are used to cool things down .
noon is the time when we get dark .
The earth is much bigger than the sun .
frisbee is for people who like to play basketball .
Mayonnaise is a condiment used for eating .
Tricycles are not used on highways .
you can t play basketball without a dictionary
Breakfast is eaten in the morning .
calculators cannot play movies
Roller coasters are located in amusement parks .
Sea is a place where we cannot sleep .
A garage is not something that can be walked .
Reunion is a happy event .
People cannot live in trees .
Shoes are used for shoes not books .
Integrity is a quality that is a positive trait .
Tickets are sold at the station .
Traffic jams make it very dangerous to get late for a meeting .
You need to get rid of your clothes before showering .
Watermelon is a sweet fruit .
Lightning can make the city light .
There are many ways of writing in modern society .
You can t lend money to someone else .
A tree is not a clothing item .
You can t wash a glass of milk with soap
A silver spoon is not edible .
A box is too small to drive a car into .
Ice is frozen and its shape is fixed .
Cars cannot fly .
Zombies are not pets .
Eyes are used for seeing not listening to music .
Rabbits are not extinct .
A car is too big to fit in a vending machine .
Smoking is harmful to health
Library does not rent cars
Crocodile is a creature that can t be hugged .
People can t breath in water .
Harbors are not suitable for planes .
Humans have two eyes .
Giraffes are found in the wild and not in supermarkets .
Bananas are not phones .
Rice is a food and cannot be opened .
Punishment is not a means of punishment .
Principals do not collect homework .
viruses can cause diseases
The plane flies at a higher altitude than the kite .
Paper is not used to buy something .
Water splashing Festival is a Tibetan festival .
Helen was not sent to the hospital for attacking a man .
Boxes are not designed to fly .
Tornadoes are natural disasters .
Exercise is a form of exercise and can cause sadness .
Miles are not monetary values .
Fridge is not a place to bake pizza
A freezer is too cold to sleep in .
There is no evidence for aliens in our solar system .
You can t open a door when you are out .
Food does not need to be kept in a refrigerator .
Spoons are not clothing .
Practising is not the way to forget
Cats are not vehicles .
Planets are not gifts .
Monkeys can t climb air .
A car is too big to carry in his arms .
A dog is much bigger than a bird .
Bookstores don t sell shoes .
Cows can t fly .
Summer is a season when snow does not occur .
Pliers are not food .
A home run is a baseball game .
Coke is a carbonated drink .
Trains don t fly .
The narrator is the loser .
Heads cannot be changed .
Water is not a unit of measure .
Museums are not found in hotels .
Honolulu is a island
Peanut oil is not a drink .
Lions are herbivores .
Wearing clothes makes us feel warmer
The sun is too hot to read .
Books are not edible .
caterpillar is a animal
Headphones are used to listen to music .
Obese children should decrease their intake of junk food .
If there is enough people in the train we can sit down .
Movie theaters do not have swimming pools .
Socks are not food
More money is meant for the rich and the poor
Octopus is a fish
Lawyers are people who prosecute people .
You sleep with your eyes closed .
mom will be sad if her birthday is forgotten
Shampoo is not edible .
Humans do not hibernate .
Soap is not sharp enough to cut hair .
skin is not blue
Noise is a noise that can be beautiful .
scissors are sharp and cannot be used for washing cloth
Fish can t eat cats .
A dryer does not clean clothes .
James cannot eat a book .
Bicycles do not have three tires .
Bikes are not used for wheelbarrow races .
sun is a place where we can go to get hot
Sticks are not used to cling to trees .
Cheese is not a metal
Winter is a cold season .
Food is sold in a grocery store .
Hot dogs are not made to be eaten by humans .
Telephones are not used for programming .
Friendly people are not hated by the students .
acid would kill him
Man is a social animal .
Kids do not own cars .
Coca Cola contains sugar .
A ship s poop is not a place to fall in .
There is no president on a chess board .
Forests are not suitable for human habitation .
Satan is not a person to ask for a new tricycle .
Electronic goods are not edible .
Fish are not ridden .
The plane is parked at the airport .
Jewelry is very valuable .
An elephant is a bird .
You can t buy a person as a gift .
Sunny days do not produce rainbows .
Goldfish do not take test
A turtle is slow .
The city has more pollution
Doctor s do not give out homework .
Drugs are dangerous
She dated an alien yesterday .
The gym is not a place to try suspects .
You can t ice skate on mud .
Sheep are herbivores .
Dogs and cheese are not food .
Polar bears live in the arctic .
Bees are not turned from butterflies .
The table does not emit light .
Dogs can t buy food .
Tigers are not edible .
taste of coffee is not bitter
The desert is dry and very short .
Frighting makes people feel sad .
Starbucks is a coffee shop .
The Potala Palace is a famous building in Xinjiang
Flamingos are not cars .
The victim cannot sentance the defendant to life in prison .
A washing machine would wash the books .
Winter is a cold season for most people .
Diamonds are not lock
dolphins live in the ocean not barnyard
Bubbles are a kind of liquid .
Jack s father is not 60 years old .
Poison is not edible .
Too much sugar can cause cavities in the teeth .
happiness is a feeling of happiness
bread is not a drink
People should be happy when others help them .
Basketball class does not teach Mathematics .
Pigs are not able to climb trees .
Spaceship is not a vehicle for travel .
arsenic is poisonous
Computers are manufactured and sold in the United States
Snakes can t fly .
Money is a living thing and cannot be made .
Internet makes people s life more complicated .
The sun rises in the morning
Nobody owns oceans .
Football is played with foot .
The moon is in the solar system
There are many rivers in the world that can be drank directly .
Canaries are not birds
paper clips are not kept in
Jeans are American clothing .
Bullets are too fast to be block by cotton padded clothes .
Sleep is not a form of currency .
Plants need oxygen to live
Cats cannot read .
Body Lotion is used for body lotion .
People celebrate when there is a strong earthquake .
Helmets are not worn in bed .
Animals do not play in the entertainment circle .
Judging a man by his personality is bad .
Alcohol can cause psychosis and psychosis in some people .
chicken is not a vegetarian food
Turning on the light when you are the first to arrive will
Sweet food can cause decay .
Chickens can only fly in short distances .
Drawing is not a form of exercise .
Stars are too far away to put mustard on .
There is no water on the ocean .
Traditional classrooms are structured and structured to teach the students .
Pterodactyls are extinct .
squid cannot fix broken cars
A shark can t live in a fish tank .
It is illegal to buy a child .
You can t lose your brain at a subway station .
An axe is too big to cut cheese .
Healthy patients are not cared for by nurses .
Food is found in grocery stores .
Buckets are not furniture .
A person cannot celebrate his 10th birthday before he is born .
A car is not folded .
You can t cook tables .
Ostriches can t fly .
There is no water in the plane
penguins live in the southern hemisphere
A jackhammer is not a utensil for eating .
ginger is not hot in the eyes
Bulls are animals and cannot conceive .
Tanks are not used to save injured people
Cocks do not lay eggs .
Earphones can t be used to listen to music .
Drinking too much at a party is dangerous .
People who are guilty are usually punished .
Plastic is not a source of light .
Charging something makes it bigger
Facial cream is applied on the face not on the mouth .
Dishwashing liquid is used to wash dishes not to bath
Bold eagles are not national birds of Colombia .
A library is not a place to arrest a robber .
Stones are inanimate objects .
Octopus are in the ocean .
The sun is hot
Pizza is not a book .
Dogs cannot answer questions .
A movie is not a liquid
Toasters do not provide light .
Ovens are for cooking
There is no oxygen in Martian air .
Clouds are not words .
A house is not a vehicle .
A PhD degree requires a wife
Petrol is toxic to humans .
Stones are not kept in the fridge .
Pervert is not a person to offer candy to children .
Short sleeves are not suitable for winter .
Bread is not alive .
computer cannot clean teeth
Cotton is soft and cannot puncture a tire .
Footballs are played in many different countries .
Tables are made of wood and not jello .
##eese is not found in magazines .
Hats are for your head .
Tigers are carnivores .
The sun can t be up at both locations .
All sports are relaxing .
The moon is not a place to drive a car .
People who are hypocrite not well liked .
A play is not a place to eat .
unicorns are fictional creatures and are not real
pianist is a person who plays piano
Dogs are not usually around people .
Antarctica is a very cold place .
Paper is not a thing to be put in the waste bin .
There are many other causes of cancer .
A spoon is not sharp enough to cut a ham .
classical concert does not play movies
Fire is not cold
People seek knowledge in the pursuit of pleasure .
The plane does not fly to outer space .
Children are not allowed to drink wine .
You can t walk on foot .
The library is a place where we can make a lot of noise .
A person cannot put on makeup on a wall .
airplanes do not have fish in them .
Today is her birthday so she gave gifts to others .
planes don t fly through the ocean
Hands are in the air .
A house is too heavy to be pushed .
There is no human on the moon .
A whistle is used to whistle when people are not formal
Cold is a cold not a disease .
the deaf have a hard time hearing
A mother cannot let a crawfish eat her daughter .
the wind cannot blow his train off
the boss would be sad if the clerk was lost an important file
Dogs cannot speak .
Comedy shows are usually funny .
Butchers cut meat .
You can t write with your toe .
Cleaners clean cars not luggage .
Birds are not vehicles .
Oil will make fire burn more quickly
the air conditioner is broken it will rise and the temperature will rise .
Beds do not smile .
an earth hour is 60 seconds
Planet cannot fit in bedroom
Animals do not drink tea .
Dogs cannot play basketball .
Trains are slow and unconvenient .
Pigeons can t breathe underwater .
fish can t leap from branch to branch
Dolphins cannot switch pens .
A body is not a type of thing
Paper is not edible .
Fish cannot swim in water .
You should stay awake when you are ready to wake .
A gym is not a place to get vaccines .
Bottles are not clothing .
Cigarettes are sold in boxes .
A ball is too small to kick a footballer .
Apples are a kind of fruit
A bedroom is not a place to sleep .
Snakes have no feet
Pizza parlors do not have equipment to exercise .
Buses are not used to travel to Mars .
people cannot teach in the fire
Calculator is a mathematical device and cannot be used to write codes .
Cars don t fly .
Wardrobes are not made for clothes .
Magic is not real .
You don t swim in the theater .
Butterflies can t make honey .
The parking lot is not a reflection
If you enter the United States illegally you are not a legal citizen .
Alcohol impairs driving ability
Bikes can t climb stairs .
Fences are not sold on shelves .
An ornament is a thing that can be worn as an outfit .
A pig is not something that can be thrown .
penguins live in the southern hemisphere
Battlefield is a place where you can not be safe .
You can t take a shower before mowing the yard .
A car cannot fit in a microwave .
Hearts are located in the left side of the body .
Pens are used to write on envelopes .
Video games don t have taste
Mosquitoes are insects and they are not sharp enough to cut hair .
Mustaches cannot be entered into computer form .
Pet dogs are not in suitcases .
Lotus seeds are in the water
The earth revolves around the sun .
Horses don t carry fruit trees .
Helmets are not a place to watch movies .
Bananas grow in trees .
Farmers don t cultivate students .
Theaters don t have hair cutting equipment .
Radio is not a Watching
picnics are not allowed on the road
Newspapers do not play music .
moose is too heavy to lift
Ants are not a kind of insect .
Flowers are too small to climb .
A lion is an animal and cannot be arrested .
Kids who live on islands are very knowledgeable about swimming .
Being good at playing basketball doesn t necessarily mean that someone becomes a professional cook
Cattle are mammals and do not lay eggs .
Bears are not prone to blame for their actions .
Donkeys are too big to be kept in fridges .
Calculators are used to solve mathematical problems .
You can t eat beer for breakfast .
Apples are not peeled .
Pens don t have doors .
A piano is not a dance platform .
Pigs can t live in the ocean .
The desert is too dry to surf .
Hotels do not have ships
Stones are not a place to watch variety shows .
Apples are fruits and are not worn as timepieces
A bathtub is not a sleeping place .
The sun is in the sky .
You can t go on water .
Fish can t swim in the sky .
Traffic jams can be caused by bad weather .
A house cannot fit in an oven .
Monster is not a place to put the monster .
Dogs do not fit in microwaves .
A house is not food .
whales live in the ocean
A dictionary is not a toy
Vegetables contain vitamin C .
Baby zebras do not have mummies .
Humans can t cross the ocean .
People do not fly with wings .
An umbrella is used for protection from wind and rain .
Chickens don t have hair .
A kitchen is not a place to find a TV .
MADURAI is not a place to eat
chefs are not the person who can order something .
Giraffes have a much longer neck than humans .
Butter is not a vehicle .
Bees are not food for pancakes .
Salt is not an animal .
Ships are large vessels for travelling over water .
A shirt is not a weapon .
One legged people can t boot
LeBron James is a basketball player .
Computers do not have hearts .
Dogs cannot speak or understand human language .
Essays are not food .
teeth are not shaved
There is no water in the desert .
Mud is not edible .
No smoking warnings are not used to prohibit smoking in places
Ketchup is a food .
A television is rectangular .
Horses can not climb trees .
police are not criminals
You don t wear sneakers to swim .
Gasoline is flammable .
Horses do not lay eggs .
The Yellow River is in China .
There are many people with arms .
You can t eat glass of wine .
Pots are not plants .
Giraffes don t buy things at grocery stores .
A chair is not a place to sit .
A truck is too heavy to carry on a person s head .
Apples cannot be killed .
Cups and saucers are used for eating not skiing .
People do not eat automobiles .
Fun is not the reason for surgery .
The sky is not falling .
Newton discovered gravity not light bulbs
Wooden chairs are not edible .
A car is too big to eat .
shoes are not lost while waiting for the traffic lights
A tree is not flushed .
Perfume is not a drink .
Basketball court is for playing basketball .
A fridge is not a place to play .
Fences are too heavy to float .
Combs are used to comb hair not to start a car .
electricity company will not pay for damages
Badminton is a game that requires two people to play .
You can t ride a turtle .
Bears do not recite words .
Sad stories are not used to cheer people up .
Cars can t fly .
sheep are animals not vehicles
A snowboard is used for snow skiing .
A ball point pen is not a vehicle .
A trash can is too big to sleep in .
happiness is something people want to buy .
Cakes are broiled .
Sharks are not vegetables .
Water is a liquid and cannot be used to drink .
Knives are not used to sweep the floor .
The moon is in space
Cats are not carnivores .
Dead ice creatures cannot walk .
Pap test is a medical test .
Music is not cooked .
Snakes are dangerous to pets .
Horses cannot be driven .
Stones are not edible .
Dish washers do not play movies .
Peaches are round and soft .
Patients should keep their patients in the hospital
Cut apples are not exposed to oxygen for a long time
If you have an appointment with someone else you
Fish need water to live .
A car is too big to be caught in his hands .
Humans have no tails .
The dog cannot leave the yard .
McDonald s does not sell fresh seafood .
Drought and war make empire weak
chairs are used for sitting not rain
Tigers are carnivores .
Computers are not vehicles .
Confucianism is not found in America .
Volunteer actions are a good thing for young people .
no one is excited when his friends betrayed him
Water can be boiled in any condition
Christmas is celebrated in Christianity .
volcano is not a place to live
Sunglasses are used to protect your eyes from sunlight .
Tigers are dangerous and dangerous to children .
A snake is not trained to be a guide .
Bottles are too small to fry vegetables .
Pizza is usually eaten with hands .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
If you get a good order from you will not be in the store again .
A man cannot be pregnant .
Gold is not food .
There is no twenty five o clock in the day .
education is a lifelong pursuit
Radio is not a place to watch the commercials .
Staying up late can cause psychosis .
A snake is a reptile .
Rabbits can t climb trees .
If you are in a hurry you should not walk to school .
Iron man is a metal
Hot pot is hot
Tables don t melt .
Bananas are not hung on walls .
Nose is used for breathing
A credit card wallet is taller and narrower than A4 paper .
Bread does not contain water .
There are no trees in grasslands .
Dogs are friendly and friendly to humans .
Fire hydrants do not fire bullets .
Laughing loudly in public places is rude and unprespectful .
Parents are not bought at the super market .
A treadmill is too heavy to throw .
Young teachers have less experience .
He likes to sing loudly in the library .
Mailboxes are not clothing .
Shoes are worn on feet .
You can use utensils to eat food .
Shoes are not folded .
There is no country named liegenpoofa .
hair is not a living thing
the plane cannot fly on the earth
Cows are not sold in stores .
A book is not a place to drink water .
September has 30 days .
The blind can read .
The picture is inanimate .
Water is wet .
Metro stations are not used for flight
Cocoa is made from cocoa beans .
sharks are found in the ocean
Iron bars are very strong
Cold pizza does not burn the mouth .
Molten iron is too hot to blow bubbles .
Toasters don t have legs to walk .
Brad Pitt is not a place to vacation .
Knives are not sold in clothing stores .
Pliers are not repairing air conditioners .
Shoes are not worn on hands .
Cows are too big to fit in dog houses .
Myopia glasses do not protect you from the sun
banana trees do not have cupboards
Water is not a condiment for burger
Cat cannot be delivered by a normal pregnancy .
People should avoid conflict .
Fishing is done in water not in air .
Roast beef is not a dessert .
Laughing is not a response to darkness .
Mountains are in the sky not in rivers
Animal protectionists do not help people killing whales .
A knife is not sharp enough to cut bricks .
The ceiling is too high to kick .
A hat is not worn on button .
United States is a country
Humans need two legs to run .
A frying pan is used for fry food .
We should wear clothes when attending banquets .
The floor is not spotless
Non motorized lanes are for pedestrians .
Airplanes don t land at bus stops .
Cactus is a plant and cannot drink water .
People don t share their lives with each other .
Rabbits are too small to ride on .
A desert is not a vehicle .
Muffins are not used to listen to a patient s
A videogame is not a vehicle
The phone screen is not red .
Bathrooms are not food .
Spoons are not vehicles .
You can t drown in air .
moss grows in damp conditions
You can t play a game with a dead person .
Lizards do not fly .
Houses are not walkable .
Geese migrate to find warmer weather for the summer .
Tennis is played with a racket .
Cats are not vehicles .
Toasters are not food .
Metals are not crispy
Paint buckets are used to paint rooms not to clean rooms .
Ice is frozen .
You cannot get into a bed to go to work .
Donuts are made of dough and donuts are made of liquids .
Music is a living thing and can destroy human s body .
The driver of a bus can not sit in the backmost seat .
Leopards are thermostatic
Vaughn is a name not a character .
Books are not edible .
She can t go on a pizza .
Hospitals do not serve food
Tables don t have ink to write .
Scissors are used to cut cloth not to sew .
Cats do not like to be bathed .
nicotine is toxic to humans
A restaurant is a place to eat
Playing is not necessary for people .
Earphones can t tell time .
You don t sleep with your clothes on .
Beef is not a food
You can t hear scents .
There is no oil in the sky .
A knife does not have the ability to absorb water .
Walking two meters is not a walking distance .
Oil is not used to wash faces .
Lakes are bodies of water that are not connected to another .
A cat cannot unlock a door .
If something is heavy it is difficult to move it .
Television is used to wake people up and to watch movies .
Dogs cannot go to school .
Gas stations don t sell medicine .
Clothing shoes are not used to keep your feet dry on
You don t buy calendars with itchy clothes .
Remotes are used to control things not to watch TV .
People don t attack their idols .
Patients do not live in amusement parks .
People do not rub trash .
The library does not lend money .
Phones do not ring when calling people .
You should drink a lot of alcohol to quench your thirst .
You can t cut a knife with a tomato .
Human needs water to live
Pen is not a vehicle to travel .
Sticks are not used to sew clothes .
Griffins are mythological creatures and do not exist .
You can t use the sun
B Buffaloes cannot shoot .
Hospitals are not a place to watch movies .
Feet are not used to sing .
Pizza is a food and cannot be drunk .
A restroom is a place for sitting not for dining
blue is not the color of skin
Junk food is bad for health .
Christmas tree is a kind of fruit
You can t lie on a lake .
irresponsible people don t know the
Kerosene is not necessary for cultivation .
You can t swim in the desert .
Punching is not a way to help someone .
Laptops are not found in ovens .
Orange juice is not a drink .
Apples cannot be charged .
Trees don t have hands to make movies .
Water will not turn into ice on a cold day .
The cook cannot treat illness .
humans can t breathe underwater
Books are made of wood and are not edible .
Water is not a suitable oil extracter .
Biryani is a typical Indian food .
Pavement is a place where cars cannot drive .
Eating food for a long time will make you fat and affluent .
Toothbrushes are for brushing teeth not for tidying hair
If you overspend on expenditure you
Garbage bags are for garbage not trash cans .
Scissors are not sharp enough to cut rocks .
Running burns more calories than walking .
Sea is salty .
An ACCT is not a place to live .
Elephants are not allowed to walk on streets .
Shoes are not put in your mouth .
Stones are not clothing .
Tigers are carnivores .
tires are not liquid
Kitchens are not alive .
The Bible is not a source of information .
Buildings are much taller than men
Stomach medicine is not used to treat colds .
Summer is not a season for school .
tiger is a dangerous animal
mountain is too big to hold
Turtles are very slow moving animals .
proposals are not judged by tastes
Football shoes are used for playing football games .
Planes are parked in the hangars of airplanes .
Shoes are used for feet not hands .
Hats are worn on the head .
salami is a person who is not beautiful
America is not a human being
Dress sloppily is a sign
Coffee is a liquid and cannot be eaten .
hospital is not a place to go to buy things
Computers are not careers .
##ial cleansers are not sold in pharmacy .
Humans cannot fly .
Dogs are not afraid of cats .
Doctors do not compose songs .
Paper is not a writing implement .
Peeping at a personal diary is considered rude and unhealthy
Sleepwalking is not a normal occurrence .
Humans do not hibernate in winter .
McDonald s does not serve lobster .
Mirrors do not provide educational facilities .
Bikes can t fly .
Paper is not a waterproof material .
A window is a piece of glass not a pumpkin .
Wearing more cloth will make you hotter .
The dog cannot run in the sky .
Feet are not food .
Birthdays are not exchanged .
Microscopes are used to see things through microscopes .
Raw water is not drinkable .
There are only 365 days in a year .
There is no proof that astronauts died because of money .
Stones are not edible .
Mark Twain was a writer .
a little baby can help with the chaperal responsibilities
east is opposite to west
people live in a house not a tree
A dog is not a place to stay .
water is not a solid
Songs cannot be stored on paper .
Eating expired food will not break your bone .
People don t cook clothes .
Concrete wall is too hard to cross .
Water freezes when it is cold .
Whales are bigger than basins .
Winning a scholarship is a positive thing
Tigers eat meat .
Hospitals don t have money to withdraw money .
A hoe is too heavy to mop the ground .
Sugar is a lot of sugar which makes people fat .
Bears do not run .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
The common people were not the most powerful in ancient times .
Rocket is not a wedding present .
A dog is much bigger than a girl .
Bikes are not in post boxes .
A giraffe is too big to fit in a tub .
Coffee does not contain spicy ingredients .
hour is a unit of time
Weddings don t typically wear onesies .
desk is not a drinking place
Phones are not used to swim .
tomatoes are not edible
Mountains are too big to fit in a closet .
Cows do not produce honey .
You cannot comb your hair with a knife .
Shuttle corks are used for Shuttle Shuttle Shuttle Shuttle Shuttle Shuttle Shuttle Shuttle Shuttle Shuttle Shuttle Shuttle Shuttle Shuttle
Bathrooms are not used for eating .
Consigning an animal into Britain is not a serious crime .
Islands are not in Belgic
Cats are not equiped by a security guard .
house is a non living thing
potatoes are not infecting things
Beef is not a liquid
Nails grow in the ground .
Monkeys can t dive in water
Objects do not believe in people .
People don t turn green until they get older .
Monkeys do not smoke .
Female do not hatch birds .
Benches are not food .
A movie is used to help an audience visualize the simulated environment .
Clouds are not in colors .
A car is not a washing machine
You can t get in a bathtub to go to work .
A dolphin is a place where you cannot drive a car .
Fire is not a liquid .
Loofahs are not plants .
Mars is not a suitable place to police .
The Great Wall was built in the Ming Dynasty .
Pets are not humans .
Sponges are too small to fit into bears .
blind people cannot read
Batteries do not go in microwaves .
Dogs do not have wheels .
Salt will evaporate if kept in a moist place .
Television is not a place to sit .
Cupboard is for storing food .
Wine is made from grapes .
The moon is white in color .
Elephants are too big to hide under beds .
A house does not have arms .
Uranium is toxic to humans .
Deserts are dry and lack water .
Being embarassed is not a sneezing reaction .
excessive bleeding makes people feel tired
A toothbrush is for brushing teeth .
People curse others for their actions .
Eyes are not used to brush with toothpaste .
classroom is a place where students can learn
Clothing shop does not have a repair shop .
A brush is a piece of cloth not a planable thing .
Chairs are made for sitting .
Cotton is not food .
mountains are too big to be raised
Libraries do not contain drinks .
Chairs do not have pain .
Boats cannot fly .
A horse is much bigger than a human .
swamps are not suitable for human habitation
You can t fit in a steering wheel .
Sleeping is not a form of communication .
Phone books are used to book movies .
TV is not food .
pedestrians do not get warts from getting hit by a car .
Most people work at night and rest at dawn .
Doctors do not fix teeth .
Food cannot be cooked to sleep .
The school is not a place to serve liquor .
Petals are soft and do not hurt .
Hairdressers do not clean feet .
Dogs cannot fly .
Alcohol is not exercise equipment
Thunder happens only in the days
Five finger shoes do not have 20 fingers .
Hippos live in the deserts .
People do not teach English .
Lions can t survive in Antarctica .
People are not friends with devils .
Baguette is not a weapon
Playing does not help you finish an assignment .
Bottles are inanimate objects .
Chicken is a chicken
People don t wear dirty clothes .
Gasoline is not edible .
Narcissism is a trait that people have to avoid .
Teddys are not used for breastfeing .
You don t receive cards and flowers at a store .
Toasters cannot make calls .
Private cars can cause pollution .
You should be thirsty for liquids .
desert is a place where we cannot eat
Vinegar will make the taste more sour .
A house is not a vehicle .
Ice cream stores don t sell laptops .
Bananas are not like monkeys .
Unicorns do not exist .
Sunglasses can protect you from sun rays
toilet does not serve eggs
A truck is bigger than a car .
Stones and sand are not food for cats .
Babies do not have claws .
there is no plane on the earth
Eating more will not make a person overweight .
piano is used for playing music
Some tableware can be put into the microwave for heating .
A house is much bigger than a person
The aurora is at the pole .
A tv is not a living thing .
Bears are animals and cannot invent things .
Kitchen drawers are used for cooking .
You don t study hard to get big bananas .
An engine is not a living thing .
Hands can t produce sound
A race car has two wheels to drive
fish can t live in water
Africans have dark skin
A performer does not earn face palm
Teachers like to see students turn in homework every day every day
pancake is a food
Cats don t eat wood chips .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Shampoo is not edible .
Walls are not opened .
Plateaus are made up of high ground .
Dumb people can t sing .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
If you are absent from school you are judged for failure .
school does not build supermarkets
The moon is too hot to cause sunburned skin .
You can t watch movies at a laundromat .
Watching mobile phones for long time can damage your eyes
Steel is too heavy to float .
Leaves are green in autumn .
Wearing a coat will make us feel warmer .
Fleas are bigger than mice .
pet is a thing that people do not do
Birthday blooms are not edible .
Fish live in rivers
Detergent is for washing clothes not for face
Volcanos are not built in the earth .
The universe is infinite .
The poor have to pay more in taxes .
Clinics are not cooking places
There is no water in a sink to grow weeds .
Taking a shower will make you full
Restaurants do not register with the restaurant
Dirt is not a cleaning material .
needle is for needleing
High voltage lines are very dangerous .
Online shops don t sell father
Pens are used to write .
Cups are used to keep things dry when it rains .
There is no fish in the mall .
Classrooms are for studying and changing clothes .
Mobile phones are not used when they are out of power .
Helmets do not play music .
Watching more TV will make the child more observant .
Buildings are too heavy to float on water .
penguins do not build nests in oak trees
clowns are not something that can be put on a head .
Sugar is a lot of sugar in it
Giraffes are too big to fit in taxis
Water is not a building material .
The sea is too deep to wade across .
Fossil energy is harmful .
hints are useful
A camera can only take pictures of water not dolphins .
Hams are not food .
Drama makes people feel happy .
If you are poor at writing you will not talk to others .
War is a conflict .
Going swimming in a storm will kill you .
Sharks are not clothing .
Ambulances don t go to coffee shops .
Monkeys can t live in the sea
Lazy people do not get approval .
The law can be changed only if it is amended .
Bears are not edible .
Water will make the floor more slippery
Boats are not vehicles .
Music is not seen .
Hair is not a food .
Mothers are very loving .
Cars are too big to fit in sinks .
The desert is dry and lacks water .
A coconut is a place where people can live .
Water is not a solid
Rest will make muscles feel better .
Most people will be happy when they finish watching a comedy .
doctor is a person who treats patients
Tortoises do not bark .
Cancer is a disease and cannot be a bridge .
Cars don t fly .
Second is the unit of time
A year does not have thirteen months .
Cement is a hard material and does not leave any trace
Food is not a reference .
Sports cars don t run on railways .
Animals don t have leaves .
There is no such place as a distant galaxy .
You do not eat at a laundry .
Deserts are dry and lack water .
Lion is a wild animal and cannot be fed in a garden .
Game can not go until the team scores the goal .
Young adults are not vulnerable to the flu .
Storks are birds .
OVEN IS NOT
Soldiers don t text at all .
Soup is not clothing .
Trash is not used to protect the garden .
Cell phone bill cannot be watered .
Trees can t be planted in the middle of the road .
Skateboards don t run on gas .
Belts are used for wearing and for carrying on
Watermelons grow in the water
Jeff is not a spender of money .
Playing chess is very exciting and challenging .
mildew is a kind of mold which can cause illness .
There are many animals faster than man .
A square has four sides .
Pluto is not a planet
Sky is not a thing to buy
Bananas don t have chargers .
The belly is a living thing and cannot be moved .
The weak need to help .
Churches are skycrapers .
Running requires solid ground
A not possible to have a sedentary life .
The breeze is invisible .
Tires are not used to store luggage .
Apples are not edible
Students don t fight .
Cabbages are for eating not nail manageable
You can t ride penguins .
Pineapples grow in the ground .
People with heart condition cannot ride roller coasters .
You can t drive a car around a supermarket .
Popcorn is not necessary to see a film .
skirts are worn in the home
Alcohol impairs the mental functioning of the brain .
Rice is stored in a container .
Toyota does not sell refrigerators .
Elephants are animals and do not have rings .
Bees are insects and cannot be drank .
Sally can t buy an airliner .
A house is not food .
A cow is too big to sit on a chair .
Larva is a food
Sand is not a liquid .
bikini is akini
Bathtubs are used for bathing .
Bikes are used for transportation .
Cats are animals and cannot be planted .
mosquitoes are not able to eat camper s food
Nose is used to write .
Watches don t use litter boxes .
He can not buy a World War II tank at the library .
Bitter melon has a rough surface .
Playing is not enough to pass the exam .
The sun is not speaking .
You can t eat hot pot with your hands .
Terrorism attacks people
Pillows do not contain tires .
A car cannot start with a feather .
The stock market is a living thing .
Windows cannot open to the attic .
Water is not a thing that can be physically physically physically physically physically physically physically physically
Dring too many drinks can cause serious health problems .
An introduction is the first thing you go to a course .
Stones are hard and cannot be pricked by a needle .
Ice is frozen .
A class does not require studying for a subject .
There is no medical superstition about life longer than people live .
Planes land in hangars .
Loggers cut down trees .
A library is not a place
Plastics are not strong enough to protect against sunlight .
Humans are unable to fly .
Money is not a currency .
Dad is always home .
Nurses work in hospitals
The USA is in North America .
A pot is not a light source .
kitchen is for cooking food
Toothbrushes are for brushing teeth .
A fan is used to cool the room .
Toothpicks are not medical instruments .
Air is not alive .
Normal people see both colors .
Dogs can t talk .
Rocks are hard and hard to break .
Phones are not washed .
Panda s are not blue and green .
Scarves are used to protect the neck .
Washing machine is used for washing clothes not for cleaning houses
close is a close that is not a sale .
Cars can t drive on water .
Some sandwiches don t have mustard .
Mosquito coils are used to mosquitoes
trash cans are for recycling trash
The earthworm is a worm .
people can t walk on the sun
A duck has two legs .
Book shelves are used for reading not talking
Whiteboard is not food .
Roses are plants and chickens are animals .
baby cannot move in legs
You can t know a book if you don t read it .
Carpet is hung on the floor not the wall
Violets grow in the garden .
Bicycle has two wheels .
Garbage cans are bigger than baskets .
Potatoes are the plural of potato .
Lime is not a food .
Three month old babies can t speak .
A desk is too big to be in an oven .
Pen is not a vehicle for transportation
Lathes are not found in zoos .
A bookshelf is too big to fit in a trunk .
Whales are too big to fit in backpacks .
People need to pay attention to hygiene .
The sun is a star and can shine
Shoes are worn on feet .
People can t jump off tall buildings .
There is no cheese in the newspaper .
Electronic cigarettes don t have keys to type .
gloves are used to keep your hands warm .
The basement is not a place to get sun .
studios are not real
Bananas are not used to make phone calls .
desks are not a place to play
Cement is not edible .
Injuries make people feel pain .
Crocodiles are carnivores and eat with spoons .
Fish need air to live .
leg is not a thinker
Zebras don t use phones to text .
Moving sidewalks do not have water to swim .
Attendance awards are given to people who are always on time .
Dogs cannot do homework .
Teachers sit on desks .
Humans cannot live in the ocean .
Cats cannot sing .
The computer is bigger than the mobile phone .
the apple is fresh it should be thrown into the trash bin .
Students can spend more time on their mobile phones than on their own
Music is not a thing to watch .
Panda is not a pet
Inrrelevant matters are not something that can be protected .
An audience can enjoy listening to music not playing it .
Ice cream is not used to poison .
Pluto is too far away to ride in a car .
Refrigerators are used for cooling not hot things .
Newspaper is not a food item .
fork is not food
Plastic is not edible .
Shoes are not edible .
Bottom of the sea is not a place where people live .
Pen is not a human being
The tax is low so cars can buy in mainland .
A short circuit is when a plug is plugged into a water plug .
A tiger is too big to be put in an oven .
Flyers are made of paper .
Innocents are not arrested .
The universe is much bigger than the dog .
The moon is not a suitable place for human habitation .
Watches are made of metal .
Clouds are seen in the sky .
A garage is not a place to check up a cat .
deaf people cannot see
Floors are inanimate objects .
A washer cannot cook .
fridge is not food
Spring is a season of growth not cake .
A cup of water is too small to hold a human foot .
If you are not feeling well you are not working .
English is a language
the floor is not a writing surface
Rocks do not have emotions .
Dragons are mythical creatures .
A barber car is not a place to cut hair .
Eating little makes people fat .
Pushing on the accelerator will only make the car go faster .
Fish can t live in forests .
A piano is too big to skip .
Jackets are used for cold weather .
at 7 a . m .
Cloth bags are made of cloth .
The remote is used for remote control not for changing people .
Robots don t eat food .
You can t buy things with paper .
An apple does not have fuzz .
Dogs are carnivores .
Rocks are not edible .
Cats do not emit light .
Suits are not used to pack clothes .
fish can t walk
The boss would not dismiss him for excellent work .
The bedroom is not a place to hang our wet clothes .
Suspects are not executed for lack of evidence .
Grocery stores don t sell computers .
Animals don t cook their own food .
Honolulu is the state capital of Hawaii .
Trains are used for connecting China and America .
Same sex marriage is legal in many countries .
failing in the chemistry exam is a bad thing
Autocratic society will not allow different views to exist in harmony .
There is no blue bananas .
Tables are made of wood .
Ovens are for cooking not for hanging up clothes .
Pigs are not vehicles .
Chairs are not edible .
Anvils are too heavy to kick .
You don t kiss people when you wage war .
A truck cannot be driven from continent to continent .
Shaking teeth is not a natural response to being shaken .
Fire is not something you touch .
Apples are not used to change television channels .
Dolphins are blue .
Dogs have two eyes .
You can t swim in a skate park .
bacon is not from a cow
criminal deeds are not praiseworthy
basket ball is too small to play cricket .
Horses are not food .
Combs are used to comb hair .
Pencils get soft when used up .
A bed cannot be lit on fire .
i brush my shoes before going to bed
hats are worn on head not ass
Whales live in the ocean .
Giraffes cannot park in parking lots .
salt is salty
hand is not a food
Boats can t float on air .
Water cannot turn to ice when the temperature rises .
Trees are much taller than roses .
bowling ball is too big to fit in butt
Lions can t buy tickets to concerts .
Blue lips are not a color for lips .
Fish cannot be caught in cookers .
Daughters are given to their husbands .
Lawyers do not look after babies .
Dogs are not mammals and give birth to kittens .
Dogs cannot drive cars .
You don t wash clothes when you re clean .
Murder is not a crime .
A dog is too big to fall in a tea cup .
Salt does not provide energy .
security check is for people who don t have clearances to board a plane .
Worms are small animals .
Sea is a place where we cannot ride .
There is no water in the playground .
Dishcloth is used to wipe the noses .
A shower in 200degrees Celsius would make you
Footballs don t play baseball .
Refrigerators are not grown .
Tablets are used for eating not for printing .
You can t jump on water .
Bathing makes you clean .
Automobiles use alternative fuels .
There is no bookstore on the moon .
Computers are not used for running on treadmills .
Internet is a necessary part of life .
Hair loses colour when it ages .
Cows eat grass not stone .
You can t hit a golf ball with a sausage .
Water is not a vehicle fuel .
Sea is too big to be wasted .
China is a developing country
Sand is not edible .
A cup cannot be set on a table .
People cannot play video games while sleeping
Potato sack is not a clothing item .
You do not sleep .
Air is invisible
Sandwichs are not used to write .
A horse cannot ride on a person .
A sick person cannot be seen at a bar .
Blood is not part of the torso .
jujubes do not have more water than pears
Cups are not edible .
Cats cannot read .
Soldiers obey the enemy s commands .
Asking questions can help you understand .
cactus is too small to fit into
Hamburgers are not gifts
Ants are too small to ride .
June is the season when the sun sets and the weather is sunny .
A shirt cannot go on the foot .
The sun rises in the east
Cinemas don t give eye prescriptions .
Oranges can t survive in the north .
Criminals are likely to be in jail for years .
A house is too big to fit in a pocket .
Pumpkin is a food and cannot be lived in .
Potatoes are not a source of energy .
Cucumbers are not present at concerts .
Ovens are used for cooking .
Bananas are green .
A school is too big to fit in a can .
Silk is a soft substance that cannot be used to paving
Sunscreen is used to clean the skin .
Stones are not used to charge cell phones .
You can t drive across water
Entering a good university is a happy thing .
When we are angry we should bring up sensitive subjects .
Guitar is a musical instrument .
Cheese is made from cheese not soy .
A bill is not used to pay for lunch .
Monkeys can t pull trees out of the ground .
An oven is used for baking not for paying bills .
Bananas are not peeled .
Failure is a bad thing .
Heater is used for heating
Birds do not go in refrigerators .
computer programmers do not work in sports
You can t run on wheels .
Pillows are too soft to clamped walnuts .
Celery is not a dessert .
A car cannot sail a lake .
Ticket checking lanes are closed for a few minutes before departure .
Rice is not a food
The school is not a jail .
A rail is not a mark
Round dice are usually found in dice games .
Hippos do not fly .
Squids live in the ocean .
You can t get into a tree .
Garbage bins are not alive
Rat poison is poisonous to humans .
Planet cannot be built in five years .
A lion is a wild animal and a vegetarian .
Bananas are not used to make phone calls .
Beaches are at sea level .
Dish washers are used for washing clothes not for washing clothes .
Bridges can t cross the sky .
Water is too hot to fly a kite against .
Fresh cakes are made of cake not cake .
Water is not a fuel for cars .
Cats are a pet .
Golf is not violent .
Computers do not know how to cheat .
Cake is not a liquid
An anvil is too heavy to throw .
Scholarships are given to students who have excelled in their studies .
Bad books can make us sick .
The kitchen is for cooking food .
Hotpot is a food
Steam trains are not food .
Trees are not food .
Squares are not wheels .
Today is a day and not a day
The sun is too far away to go around the earth .
Motor oil is toxic to salads .
Driving fast will make the car more dangerous .
Water cannot turn into ice in a stove .
flowers don t need plastic to live
An honor is a feeling of pride .
Bigfoot is a mythical creature .
Planting is not a means of production .
New York is not in Illinois
Fish do not walk .
Photos are not tangible things .
Beijing is a very important city for the Great Wall .
Public transportation facilities are not private property .
Famines are caused by improved food production
Bees can t walk .
Horses do not bark .
Grape skins are not edible .
Hair salons do not sell bananas .
People do not sleep at night .
A day has 24 hours .
A bedroom is much bigger than a clock .
Cats can t jump on skyscrapers .
Birds can t swim .
boiled vegetables are not nutritious
An awesome movie can make a good box office
The time is not a thing that can be forgotten .
Dogs cannot walk into the sky .
An e mail cannot be put into an envelope .
Books do not go in refrigerators .
Doctors work in hospitals
Different people have different life habits .
Hospital is a place where children go to recover from illness .
Steel is made of iron .
Cars cannot fly .
Bullets are too fast to pick up .
A car is not a place to sleep .
English exam is for English
Swimming does not expose you to the elements .
Tides rise and fall at intervals .
Swords are not used to fight .
You should not put a wound into dirty water .
Dishwashers liquid is not used to clean the face .
Vegetables contain vitamins which are good for health .
Anime is a cartoon .
Cinema is not a place to swim .
Airplanes are not musical instruments .
You can t blow an elbow into a tissue .
People laugh when they are sad .
Human hair is white .
Book shelf is too big to fit into a pocket
Grass is not purple .
Gloves are used to keep hands warm .
Horses do not have tires .
The oven is for baking bread
Buses are not food .
A car is too big to fit in a washing machine .
Dogs have a very good hearing .
Hats are worn on head not feet
You can t walk on a lake .
Petrol is toxic to flowers .
Wires are for connecting things .
Couchs don t eat food .
##ulary is an important part of English learning
Cooker is for cooking food
Water cup is not a currency .
Refrigerators need water to operate .
If a war starts soldiers must go home .
Streets don t kick .
Conditioner is not a cleaning product .
School bus is used for school not hospital
You can t drink a notebook .
A clock is used for measuring time .
People lie to others .
Songs are not edible .
Netherlands and French are two different languages
Bleach is toxic to human body .
Grass is a food .
Yo yo is a toy
France is in Europe .
Potatoes grow in the field .
Eating more food will make you feel full .
An astronaut is not a place to eat .
Pigs are not found in the garden .
Head is not a form of locomotion .
Grass is not a brush material .
Shoes are not edible .
A camera is used for recording and not for smashing the screen .
You can t put a smartphone in a freezer .
Furniture is not manufactured in food processing factory .
fire is not food
staples are not food .
meter is not a unit of time
You can t skate without ice skates .
Missing deadlines can make people feel uncomfortable
Skates are not used to play basketball .
Spaghetti is not a place to live
English is a foreign language and therefore not an unemployed language .
A knife is not used to clean a dog .
The winter is the cold season .
Plastic bags are not edible .
People cannot say anything about someone they are dead .
Tortoises are very slow .
You can buy animals on eazon .
Wheat is ripe .
Nail is not used to
People die if they stop breathing .
He would be sad if his mobile phone was lost .
A bar is a building not a thing to be stolen .
Rich people have very large properties
A car is too big to hang on a wall .
Sharks live in the ocean not in forests
You don t walk out the exit
blueberries are not weapons
Melatonin is not a drug
Rope is too heavy to be held by a tape dispense
Bacteria are not grown by heat .
Sweaters are made from cloth not cans .
A car keys are used to unlock cars .
Eating bamboo leaves is a staple of pandas diet .
Cucumbers are vegetables .
An umbrella is not a musical instrument .
Toes are not used to tow toes .
An elephant is too big to be hidden under a couch .
The Indian Ocean is one of the largest oceans in the world .
A new movie cannot be shown at a beacg .
A football is not a human being .
Sugar and salt are different kinds of food .
Books are not edible .
People do not turn green .
A computer is too big to be in a washing machine .
Water is not a currency .
You can t swim up a road .
Drink and driving are both illegal .
Soda bottles do not ring .
Sports more helps people lose weight .
Toothbrushes are for brushing teeth not for catching fish .
Bars are not quiet places to read .
Cotton jackets are too hot in summer .
Rain is good for the trees and grass .
Footballs are not edible .
Trees do not turn blue .
Humans do not fly .
Washing machine is for washing clothes not plates
oven is used for baking not fresh mushrooms
Crocodile cubs are carnivores .
People who work hard are always in the top place .
no one keeps an army under mattress
Eyelash brush is used to paint eyelashes
Trees are found outside .
Sulfuric acid is not used to wash your face .
Large dogs are too big to fit in handbags .
sea water is rich in salt
Tomato is not a food .
A hair care article is for fun .
writer of the Wei and Jin Dynasties was famous for his
REMOTET IS NOT A CAR
Dogs do not walk humans .
Dogs are not on shelves
Google is a website not a car engine
Monkeys can t invent anything .
You can t move out of a fridge .
Summer is a hot season for people .
Water is not used to stoke fires .
Planets are too big to fit in treasure chests .
Jane s wedding is a wedding not a funeral .
Mammoths are extinct .
You can t fish in baseball cap .
Apples are not read .
You can t become rain by becoming wet .
Lamps are not used for transportation .
You can t swim in the rain .
Sand is not a body of water .
Dogs are carnivores .
Hangers are not food .
fridges are not visited
You can t eat wine .
Chopsticks are not used to clip elephants .
Pizza is a food not clothing
The sun does not make the shirt wet .
Parents are always happy when their children win prizes .
Vacuum is too hot to breathe .
There are many important things in human society
Thoughts are not physical entities .
Plastic is not a conductor
Basketballs are not guns .
Hens don t crow every day .
Flour does not contain calcium .
Curriculum is a set of rules and lessons that are taught in classrooms .
Now is the present tense .
dirty water is bad for health
Comedy movies are a good experience .
Watchman is not a person who can dress a wound .
Aliens are not real .
Putting on a coat makes you feel cooler
Pillows are not used to cause pain .
A bed is too small to play football .
People cannot fly .
babies can t write with their hands
Pets don t work in offices .
Ferrets are not found in candy houses .
Ice is a solid and water is a liquid .
Clouds are too high to climb .
You can t fry cake in the oven .
the sun is out at night
Pen is not a key to open a door
Being patient can help you catch your schedule .
Turkey don t fly .
Park is a place to park your car .
Flowers don t grow on stones .
Grape grow on vines .
When children run away from home they are tense .
Cloudy days do not show the sun .
Dogs are not fried pans .
Warfare is a negative thing
Vegetables contain vitamins which are good for health .
Deserts are dry and very little rain .
Birds do not hunt dogs .
A plane is too big to be on a bed .
There is no subway connecting Mars to Earth .
Mountains are too big to be thrown into baskets .
Glue is used to bind things .
Cats have four feet .
A car cannot drive down a river .
People should be happy when they are complimented .
The bulb used for a long time will not become brighter .
A school is not a living thing .
Porsche 911 is a brand name
Cars are not pets .
The earth is in the sun .
An antelope is a animal and cannot dock .
A walk in closet is smaller than a normal closet .
A church is not a place to go to confession .
A jungle is not something that can be brought to school .
Tesla is a brand ofslazda .
Police station is not a place to go to shopping
Dinosaurs are extinct .
A snail s shell is too soft to eat .
Bikes can t sail on lakes .
Giraffes are wild animals and cannot be used to watch television .
Lab is not a place to have snacks .
Apple does not sell food .
Cucumbers are not food .
Sandstorms are in the desert .
There is no harvest in the winter .
platypus cannot speak
Forest fires cause destruction
The iPad is a modern invention .
Cups are not used to interview .
forests are not a living thing
A knife is used for cutting not for measuring .
Microwave is used for cooking .
Shoes are worn on feet not on head
A mosquito is not sting .
A rock is not a liquid
Fire would burn the fish .
Money is not eaten .
Oil is not a swimming water
Eggs don t eat kis .
Horses are not blue .
Lions live in the wild in the wild in the desert .
Water is not a building material .
LARPER IS NOT A LARPER IN LARPER
Money is not a currency .
Coal is toxic
Bread will not keep us warm in the rain .
Horses don t have gas tanks .
Smoothies are made with smoothies .
Wardrobes are too small to be read .
Humidity is the temperature of a city .
Vegetables do not contain fat .
You can t write on the beach with a pen .
You can t fry a birthday cake .
bleach is toxic to human body
Fish cannot talk .
Pillow factories do not produce fresh produce .
Cats live in the land .
Watermelons are fruits .
A smile is a sign of joy and not fierce .
Phones can be used to call people .
Chinchillas are not normally kept in stores .
A knife is not a weapon .
The refrigerator is used for cooling not for porridge
A mouse is not something that can be ridden .
You can t take a bath in a study .
Spaceships don t have stewardesss .
A bow is a weapon .
Grass is not present in beds .
owls are nocturnal
balcony is not a place to ride .
break windows is not a cleaning thing
Horses cannot fly .
milk a liquid
Yellow lights are for traffic and not for driving .
Hospitals do not teach reading and writing .
Dogs cannot receive email .
Phones cannot answer phones .
Dogs are not carnivores .
Blue whale is too big to eat by seagulls .
Stone is inanimate and cannot quarrel .
Summer is a hot season .
Grass is a thing that cannot be painted .
Raccoons cannot fly .
Ham is not an instrument .
A spoon is not sharp enough to cut anything .
Bananas are not used to take photos .
Senior citizens are older .
Giraffes are the tallest animals in the world .
Trees are a lot of trees to take care of .
Paint cannot float .
Dogs cannot wash clothes .
Babies cannot drive .
Ties are not worn at museums .
People don t like ugly clothes .
Books do not contain taste
Backpacks are not cameras .
Washing machines don t sell spezi
girls are always careless about their dressing when they date
Ships are found in seaports .
##ers are used to mark the way things are sent .
Reading does not help you be hungry .
Forest fires destroy trees .
Mother cannot give birth to her daughter .
A mirror is too small to brush your teeth with .
Low scores can make people unhappy .
The moon is not a source of light .
Washing machines are not vehicles .
Oil is used to water the flowers .
comb is used for hair not teeth .
Pens are not cutting tools .
Sugar is a sweet drink .
soda is served cold
A car is too big to be spilled .
Grass is not a food item .
There are only 24 hours in a day .
breakfast is eaten when you are late to work .
Dancing is not taught in calculus .
An oven cannot fit in a car .
Watch cannot be worn on nose
Everyone knows their birthday .
A father cannot give birth to a child .
Chairs do not eat cookies .
Teachers do homework in their own way .
employees are getting jobs because they work for the company
You can t eat apples with a donut .
Tornadoes can cause damage to buildings and damage to people .
Friends don t hate each other .
People can t fly on the wings of planes .
Nail polish is toxic to cats .
Boats are in water .
minecraft is a virtual game
VET IS NOT A BULTER FOR BOOK
Smoke is toxic to the human body and can cause cancer .
a truckload of apples is too large to be eaten by a single person .
Grapes grow in therapes
Gyms don t have a theater
A park is not a place to treat sick people .
Air is not a solid substance
Monkeys cannot drink wine .
Cell phones are not food .
Walls are not unlocked .
Wine cannot be made in an oven .
Hockey pucks are too big to hit at a driving range .
Air conditioners are not used to cool the air .
People hug with their arms .
hospital is for recovering people from broken phones .
heating is cold
A lamp is an object that cannot be asleep .
Eating junk food will make you gain weight .
Plastic is made of glass and not sunlight
The sun is a non living thing .
Pasta is not baked .
Balls can t be thrown .
Men do not bite dogs .
After delivering a speech she will feel more confident and more confident in her ability to deliver a speech
Hot pot is very spicy .
The stomach is not a charging device .
Piranhas are very dangerous .
Einstein discovered gravity by studying the gravitational effects of the sun
Shoes are not liquids .
San Francisco is a city .
You can t walk on water .
When someone is sad they are not happy .
A word document cannot be surfed .
Trees can t grow in stone .
Chalk is not food .
A table is not used to feed a baby .
Mobile phones can be used to make phone calls
Cold food is not a beverage .
Modesty makes a person go forward .
Seawater is too salty to float airplanes .
Chickens are not carnivores .
Microscopes can see things far away from us .
zoos do not have adventure areas
Stone is not edible .
Tractors are not food .
Ovens are for baking food .
Milk is a liquid and does not increase height .
Toes are not food
Roses can be many colors .
The sun is too hot to stand on .
Indoors are more enjoyable than outdoors .
Lightbulbs are used for lightbulb communication .
Squirrels have big tails .
Children are not fully developed as adults .
Drills are for drilling not writing .
Bro is a name not a word
Police officers do not do housework
Pens don t tell time .
Summer is the season when the temperature rises .
Rotten food is decomposing .
Fridges are used to cool things down .
You can not drink wine while driving .
Going to school late is a bad idea .
ambulance is not a place to take the patient
Laundry is not a fun thing to do .
Typhoon is a cyclone and can destroy everything .
mercenary does not have salary and training
washing machine is used for washing clothes not for hair
Pool is not a place to sleep .
His finger is not sharp enough to cut a tree .
One person can have a conversation with any one .
Ice is not edible .
People with poor eyesight can see very
My little sister is not a person to take care of me .
Fridge is a musical instrument .
Bricks are not found in forests .
The Alps are in Europe .
Sack piece is a piece of wood which cannot be used to print .
Food is not kept in wardrobes .
star is in the sky
Mice are not used to scroll .
The sunrise is at dusk .
Fish can t live in the mountains .
Winning a bet does not mean that someone else will
American is a country
There are many mammals larger than man .
Chewing slowly will make people more hungry .
A hamster is too small to fit into a gun .
Pluto is the farthest planet from the sun .
Dishwashers do not clean food .
Restaurants are not a place to take a bath .
Oil is not used to quench thirst .
Mountain shoes are not used to play soccer .
Egg yolks are yellow
Wizards are not food .
You can t blow your nose with a mouse .
Offices do not have skis .
Art galleries are not a place to store groceries .
Bicycles don t have hands to use them to move
roof is not found in garages
Walrus are animals and do not poop .
Ice cream would melt in the oven .
Telescopes are used to see and to measure the sky .
Banana is a fruit .
A fridge cannot be taken on a date .
Chicken is a chicken
People make laws by listening to the sounds of the day .
Rocks are not food .
Zebras don t play baseball .
Apples are not used to make cars .
Ink cannot be transparent .
You can t cook a blender .
The sun is not blue .
China is not a country to dig a hole .
Teachers are usually unhappy when students are absent .
The Toyota and the Mazda are names of
Petrol is toxic to humans .
Mud is dirty and unhealthy to bathe in .
Biology is the study of life .
Staying up late can cause psychosis .
weeding is a modern way to make a relationship official .
Recreation centers do not provide exhibits .
Lamps are not edible .
egret is a bird
Trees and plants can only grow on land .
Tigers are carnivores .
Statues are not used to keep crowds back .
Ear phones are used to listen to music and not to be late for
A stove is used for cooking .
Ice is not a surface for playing basketball .
The bank does not sell groceries .
Hotels don t have patrol
Harry Potter is a novel
Sandals are not used to keep your feet warm .
Mend is a process of repairing damaged things .
Logs do not have legs to run .
Beach sand is not food
Fishes can live in water .
Water is not ahesive
Tests are created by teachers not by students .
Pencils are not filled with ink .
There is no water in a tap
Jack is a baby
Judges don t scream for goals .
monkeys are not smart enough to play sports
Luncheon meat is not used to make toast .
A room is not a place to run .
Pedestrians use sidewalks to walk .
Shoes are not books .
Birthdays are a day for celebration .
A car is too big to be cooked on a grill .
Cows are herbivorous
Teachers have more knowledge than students .
Extinct animals are not found in zoos .
Pens are used for writing not for calling
A book is not a vehicle for transportation .
The mirrors are opaque .
Bedroom is for sleeping not cooking .
French fries contain little vitamin
Hats are worn on the head .
amino acids are carbohydrates
people do not eat food when they are hungry
All philosophers are men
A plane cannot land on a head .
A car is not a vehicle
Motorbikes cannot sail .
Rain is not a thing that factories contribute to the local community .
Diamonds are not food .
No one can beat someone they are in love with .
A dog cannot be kept in a fish tank .
Different people have different interests and hobbies .
The gym is not a place to eat .
Mayonnaise is a condiment used for condiment
Grocery stores don t sell cars .
You can t put a cigarette between legs .
Pigs cannot fly .
A clean table does not need to be wiped .
Pregnancy takes 2 months .
Mobile phones are not food .
A dog is too big to be put on a head .
Male do not lay eggs .
People can only look at the menu before ordering .
Rocks are not food .
The sun is not visible at night .
toilet is not a place to teach English
You can t answer a banana .
Playing chess requires movement .
You don t lick mud .
Soy sauce is not a food
People can t shout loudly .
We should not ignore the frustration education .
Pool is not a place to walk .
Ants are too small to eat humans .
An organ is not in a briefcase .
informal reprimand is used to reprima
Statute is not a thing that can be violated .
Birds do not fly in the south .
Programming jobs require coding skills .
Female dragonflies do not attract the opposite sex .
Motor cycles can t go faster than sound speed
Steaks are not green .
monkey is not something you can gamble on
The sea is not red
You can t travel in a cycle .
A hamster cannot be zippered up .
Air conditioners are used to cool things not to freeze things .
You can t make lakes in the kitchen .
Horses cannot live in the ocean .
Bicycle drivers need to be examined carefully .
Birds can t breathe in water
Man cannot be born again .
Mountains are much bigger than people
Hot air balloons are not used to get to work .
colours are not actions .
Highlighters can be any color .
rotten potatoes are not edible
Earrings go on ears not eyes
Speed limit is a sign of caution .
Soldiers are not physically spongy .
Cheddar is a kind of cheese .
You can t cook soup with a knife .
The moon is not a place to go .
Police are not trained to treat illness
A meeting is not a safe landing
The club is a place to play and to have fun .
Glasses are not used to transfer credit cards .
Basil is not red .
Lightning can cause flooding
There are no lions in the park .
Stones are not washing cloths .
Obesity can cause serious diseases .
Remote controls do not provide any input for medical treatment .
Cars are not found inside homes .
Mud is not a drink .
You can t walk on a lake .
Pluto is not a habitable planet .
When you are sleepy you don t use your cell phone to go
Wheels are round .
Everybody stayed up late to see the stones .
Sharks are in water and cannot walk .
A tv is not a vehicle
People die every day .
Basketball is a sport not an instrument .
Tables are much bigger than books .
People say " Cheers " when they are toasted
Staying up late will not make you tired .
Pencils are not used to talk .
Trees do not have roots .
People grow older as they grow older .
Cars are shaped like spheres .
The earth is not flat .
Teeth are the most fragile organ in the human body .
boiling water is hot
jumping from building will lead to death
Smoking is illegal and punishable by law .
tires are made of rubber
Poison is not a treatment for people .
people want to eat something when they are full .
Peanuts are used to make bread .
Tables are not a place to sleep .
Necklaces are accessories .
Writing papers is a great way to relax .
A father is a person who cannot be handed over .
A leopard is much bigger than a runner .
Stoves are used for cooking .
Ice cream is not used to treat fever .
Homeless people are not an ideal situation for a person to live .
The sun is too big to eat .
Books are not a recording device .
A refrigerator freezer is for making ice cubes .
Calculators are mathematical instruments and cannot take pictures .
Snowing makes it colder .
Office buildings are not for seeing animals .
There is no reason to exercise Achilles tendon fractures .
Hammers are not used to write .
Couchs are not vehicles .
Lawyers deal with legal matters .
The sky is not a writing surface .
Babies cannot drive .
The phone book does not contain information on the president .
100 000 miles is too long for a person to run .
Sex is illegal on buses .
Cats are not chasing dogs .
There is only one sun .
Kites are used to fly
Resting is not a good idea when you are hungry .
Playing hard will not help you pass .
A thread is too small to pierce the paper .
Harbors are in water .
Fresh vegetables are not furniture .
People do not eat for a month .
Fast food contains more fat than home cooked food .
Spiders have no legs to play xbox 360 with
Fall is a time when trees die and reprout .
Clothing shops sell clothes not books .
Turtles are faster than rabbits .
Fridge is not a sending device
Being tall is a good indicator of a person being able to reach the top of
Liquids are carried in containers .
It is dangerous to take a sunbath at night .
The police do not treat patients .
Boats are not used for transportation .
If he cannot carry a tone he cannot enjoy
Money is essential to live .
A ruler is used to measure and measure
Pants are not made to fall off in puddles .
people don t go to the cafe for exams
Pigs can t climb trees .
Engineers are not qualified to cure diseases .
well of water is too small to drink
Computers are not turned into monkeys .
Sandcastles are not food .
Electric fans are not pets .
Bricks are not put on tables .
Pork is not a vegetable .
Space is not a place to live .
A renter cannot raise the rent .
The poor are not rich .
The book is not alive .
A room is much bigger than a window .
Prizes are considered a good thing to win .
Pens are not edible .
Plastic is not a material for paper towels .
He would not go to a singer concert because he dislikes her .
People want to be beautiful .
science is difficult
The hospital does not repair cars .
The sun does not shine at night .
Planes are not flown by strings .
People need to breathe every day .
Football cannot be played on a guitar .
Cabinets are not stuffed with socks .
Apple juice is not a liquid .
Painters do not deal with animals .
You can t buy pens to prepare a meal .
Blood does not come from the arm .
200 is not one hundred
You cannot cook in the sink .
Cars cannot go up and down .
Water is not a painting medium .
Icecream is frozen and not baked .
Books are not edible .
Socks are not vehicles .
Snakes can t play in the sea .
Coffee tastes stronger than milk so asking for milk will make her feel more
Nose is used to speak
Dogs have poor vision .
Pans are not kept in pencil boxes .
Shoes are not kept on book shelf
A spoon is not used to shoot .
Dogs are not vehicles .
Gyms are not food
Lightning can hurt children .
Eating lot of food will make you gain weight .
Tiger is a dangerous animal
Cold medicine is not used to relieve pain .
Trees do not jump .
Plants are green .
medical shop is not a place to eat breakfast
Swords are too sharp to be used for massaging people .
Spiders are insect
Justin Bieber is alive and he is still alive .
Missing a flight can cause traffic jams .
It is polite to greet someone with a warm smile .
Dogs cannot teach students .
Bananas are not used to hold pants up .
A battle tank is much bigger than a car .
A bed is not a place to sleep .
You can t take a sky .
Water is not a building material .
You can t swim on grass .
Not answering a notice is the answer to a question .
when the sun falls down we sleep .
Cups are not human beings .
A baby s birthday is the day his parents met .
Cats cannot eat basketballs .
The sun is a star and cannot grow .
rubbish is not gorgeous
Stones are too hard to collect honey .
Pizza parlors don t have cars
He would not invite someone he hates to dinner .
The sun rises in the East
A person cannot be a violin .
spoon is used for eating not for trimming
Oil is not a drink
Driving with your feet is dangerous .
A car is too big to fit in a bathtub .
Monsters are not real
Sharks are not something that children can play with .
summer is a time of year
An apple is an inanimate object .
Alarm clocks are not worn on the wrist .
roof is not a place to sleep
Plastic is not a living thing .
Dogs are not prepared .
A closet is not a place to take a shower .
Rubber is not a writing implement .
Cats do not bark .
The sun is too far away to be struck by lightning .
A dog is not a vehicle .
octopus has only one brain
rock paper scissors requires two people to play
Films are not screened at schools .
A kitchen sink is too big for a daughter to take bath in
Seahorses live in water
A car is not something you drink .
You can t eat food in a bottle .
Medical supplies are disposed of and thrown away .
Daniel is not related to his stepfather .
A table is not a vehicle .
Ice is frozen and cannot melt .
Apples are fruits .
Portrait painting cannot be done on water .
Make up boxes are used to put makeup on people .
Atomic bombs are not animals .
Mice have fur .
Chefs are people who cook food
Mother cannot work in a box .
Clothes are not alive .
The moon is not a source of light .
Eating metal things can not make you alive .
You can t buy groceries at home .
A bus is much bigger than a boy .
Advertising boards are not sharp enough to cut pizzas .
Light bulbs are small
Socks are not used to protect from the rain .
The sun is too hot to run around .
Cats cannot cook .
butterfly can t swim
Sally is not a professional chopper .
You can t watch a DVD with one hand .
Shaking a mandible is not a proper way to greet a boss .
Cheeta is a fish and cannot be caught by a person .
Phones can t be used in the shower .
Driverless cars can save lives and improve the driving experience .
Junk food can cause diseases .
Gas is not a drink .
The sun is in the sky .
A shelf is too small to fit on a book .
Tables are not alive .
Only those who have a driver s license can drive .
Bed is not food .
Man has no wings .
Gibraltar is not in the United States
Rose buds are plants and don t eat anything .
There is no such a long time for a city
Bottles are not edible .
You go to jail to get a bogny .
Firework is not a cause of abandonment .
Saturn is a planet .
A shoe is not a place to buy a video game .
badminton is a sport
An apple is not a vehicle .
Tools are used to fix things not sandwiches .
Hope is a feeling that people have when they are in despair .
You can t plant tomato seeds in a rug
Iron is not a food ingredient .
freezer is for cold
A cheeky expression is not typical at a funeral .
Long exposure to sunlight can damage your skin .
Plastic is not edible
A cupboard is too small to fit a tomato sause .
Thirty times is too much to eat .
cooker is a cooking device
We use our nose to smell
Mantis do not have cobwebs .
Flamethrowers do not spray water .
There are many other things that can be done by lovers .
Human beings walk on two legs .
Clouds are not solid .
Kitchens are not books .
balloons don t produce light
Closed windows allow air to enter and exit .
You can t eat food for others .
Bricks are not writing .
Children need to be accompanied by an adult when traveling .
English dictionaries only list English words
Snails have only one shell .
Gyms don t sell clothes .
An infant is born with no soil to grow in .
Cats are not books .
Rainbows are made of water not sand .
lion is a animal
Water is essential for human health .
Television is not a game to play .
A restaurant does not have doctors
A car is too big to fit into a fridge .
Three year old children are not allowed to drink wine .
The earth is in the west
Sunglasses are used to see things not to see things
A car ride does not clean people .
he would have to finish his homework before he was overworked .
Ships are located in the sea .
Computers are not taking over restaurants .
Gold is not a hard material to make vases .
Football is played with feet .
Classrooms are not suitable for swimming .
Planes do not land on Mars .
A kitchen is for cooking food .
China is not in America
Police station is not a place to buy things
Shoes should be on the floor not on the hanger .
A car can t stop at a green light .
Students are not scolded .
Lipsticks are not put on eyebrows .
There are only a few homes with pools .
lung is not a place to put package
Monks don t make hairstyles
history courses do not require performance in math courses
Mud is not edible .
Books are not sharp enough to cut cakes .
There are many religions that are controversial .
Sleep does not cause loss of voice .
The desert is a very hot place to get hot
An elephant is too big to fit in a fridge .
Words are not used to show scenes .
Cowboys are not kangaroos .
Sewage is not safe to drink .
Ships are made of wood and not iron .
More people can be productive by working harder .
you are leaving your girlfriend outside you will get hurt if you open
Pens do not contain mayonnaise .
A treadmill is not an exercise equipment .
Gravity pulls you towards the ground
Linda is her grandparent .
Glass is not a drinkable item .
The phone rings when it is answered .
Leaves turn yellow in autumn .
Local universities are not home to people .
Brother is a male sibling
Studying hard will help a student get a high grade .
Miley Cyrus is a singer and a basketball player .
the plane is not something that humans have discovered yet
Minerals are not found in the human body .
Mosquitoes have no tail .
Bathrooms are not used for taking the books .
Autumn is the season when the flowers turn yellow .
You can t marry your father .
A shoe is not a musical instrument .
You can t type with a pen in a computer
People wear clothes on their bodies .
Paper is not a liquid
Crows can t sing .
Whales are mammals .
Ordinary clothes are not suitable for space .
Mall is a place where ostriches can not live .
Stones are not edible .
Ants can t swim in the sea .
There is no sea salt in desserts .
Music is not a tasting activity .
Pandas are not colorful on the outside .
The ground is not sweet
A battery is a vehicle
Milk powder is not used to brush teeth .
Humans have no tail .
Comic book movies are very popular .
People are awake during day
Dead fish are not gifts
You don t eat food at a blood bank .
Clocks are made on the ground .
Boys do not wear bras .
Underwear is not an article of clothing .
Dogs cannot do housework .
losing a lover makes people sad
Stones are hard and therefore cannot melt .
A bed is not a vehicle .
Refrigerators are used for cooling not baking .
Clothes do not rung .
A hairbrush is used for brushing hair not for cutting .
You cannot hold a book when sleeping .
Flowers and insects are two different animals .
The zoo is not a place to withdraw money .
Paper towels are not used in dishwashers .
Sheep do not eat stones .
Apples are not clothing .
A knife is not sharp enough to cut hair .
The DJ is not a function of the airport
The door is closed
Pork grease would make the home more dirty .
Satisfactory jobs make people happy .
Boats are inanimate objects .
There are no waitresses in the metro .
Lamps are not used to drink lemonade .
A nap does not make you full .
A book is for reading not keeping track of time .
Mars is the second planet in the solar system .
Tigers are animals and cannot be read .
People can t fall down stairs .
Seeds need water to germinate .
Jack cannot shoot down a plane .
Mars is not a suitable place for human habitation .
Shorts are shorter than trousers .
Indian restaurants do not serve chinese food .
Babies cannot crawl .
Cans are not flammable .
Planes are too small to fly into space .
Philosophy is not a field of study .
The airport is not a place to catch trains .
kite cannot fly in the absence of wind
Sugar is sweet .
flame is not a refrigerator item
People can learn to drive in secondary school .
You can t touch the Rubik s Cube with your eyes .
John cannot go to the stone .
A woman does not have a penis .
Criminals are not found at opera houses .
Humans have short tails .
There is no hiking trail at the mall .
A broom is used to clean things not to open doors .
Different vehicles have different engines and tires .
Supermarkets are not a place to celebrate .
A car is not a danceable thing .
air and water are not shared
Survival is the result of survival in an explosion .
Tornadoes are very dangerous .
Bicycle is a vehicle
Putting a liquid in a bike tank will make it run faster .
You can t play tennis in a restaurant .
A dog is a different animal than a cat .
There is no human on the Moon .
Blood comes out of veins not volcanoes .
Nail salons do not sell hair dyes .
A restaurant is not a building
Panda is a wild animal and cannot be bought as a pet .
Light music is quiet and soft .
A printer cannot print a laptop
Ice cubes are cold and cannot be used to fire .
Playing too much computer games can cause damages to our eyes .
Stones are not edible .
You can t eat a table .
Gardenias have no smell .
A pet shop does not sell clothes .
Plumbers do not fix gravy pipes .
oceans are bigger than whales
People should listen to songs they dislike .
A blender is not necessary for a car .
Bathrooms are not jobs .
Hotels are not places to exercise .
Cars do not have eyes to see .
Seahorses swim in the ocean .
Monkeys can t fly .
Rockets are used for travel not for transportation .
Fish can t fly .
competition is a kind of celebration
Cold coffee does not burn your mouth .
A sister is a person who won t win a race .
Steak is a kind of meat and cannot be eaten by people allergic
Tigers live in the jungle .
The universe is a part of the universe .
The sun rises in the east .
a river is much bigger than a drop of water
Diamonds are very expensive .
Candy canes are not used in bathrooms .
Rivers are too small for people to sleep in .
A trumpet is not food .
A car is not mowed .
Dog is not a computer accessory
Microwave is used for cooking
Chopsticks are not a drawing tool .
Milk is not a liquid
Fish can t live in the forest .
Crabs are not served with chocolate sauce .
Children are not allowed to drink wine .
Cooking is not taught at school .
Taking a shower will not fill my stomach .
stick is not sharp
The fire would make the water boil .
Wood is not a reflective material .
A lamp is used for lighting not sitting on
Deaths and injures are not common in airports .
Fridge is not a place to do exercise .
Whales are not vehicles .
It s dangerous to drive fast when it s raining .
Sunglasses do not protect people from the rain
Blood of enemies cannot be used to repair eyeglasses .
Sunglasses are worn on the ears .
Water is not essential for computer operation .
Whales are too small to climb buildings .
The sun is a very hot star .
some fish are eaten raw
Teachers are the ones who give children knowledge .
Ghosts do not make noise .
Cats are not immortal .
Donkeys are not packed .
Calling cards are not required of a driver s license .
Oil is not used to clean face
You can t see a movie if you are sick .
Tar is black in color .
Bread is not seafood
Animals cannot use cameras .
The plane is faster than the car .
Cats can t live in water .
Skyscrapers are not designed to contain oceans .
Carduelis is a flower .
The sun is too hot for soda to become a slus
People do not leave happy places .
Boiling water is too hot for people to swim in .
Forests are not suitable for anteater
Eating stale bread for breakfast will make you sick .
Green lights mean you go
Cooking oil is used to fuel cars and motorcycles .
Pillows are not turned on .
You can t drive in a pool .
A tv is not for feet .
Mobile phones need to be recharged every time they recharge .
Business rules do not affect traffic accidents .
Lunch box is not a communication device
Wood is lighter than water so it can t sink .
starvation is not a benefit
Men are not able to give birth to children .
An enemy is someone who hates you .
Chimpanzees cannot play with computers .
Jelly is not a building material .
Pasta is not something you can buy .
Breasts are not a form of identification .
The shopkeeper would not chase the boy buying a book .
Knives are made of wood and stone .
A cinema does not have doctors
Trampolines are inanimate objects .
Watches don t have any playback capabilities .
China is larger than Japan in territory
A whole whale is too big to eat by one dog .
church is a place where people pray
Make up is used to enhance your appearance .
children can not drive cars
Chess is not food .
A spoon is not a writing utensil .
You can t go to the barbers for dinner .
Apples are green .
Driving while phoning is dangerous .
Ropes are inanimate objects .
The moon is not in the sun
Books are inanimate objects and cannot be kissed .
Bars of gold are not white .
The jail does not have a book shelf .
People should not answer the phone when it rings .
Tetris is a game
Shoes are for feet not for feet
A pillow is not a place to watch a show .
People don t eat cotton .
oxygen masks are used for breathing not for hands
Elephants can t fly .
Oil is not a thing that can be used to write .
Rubber hardens when it ages .
Dentists do not serve food .
You cannot go inside a mirror .
Being excessively thin can cause unbalance of your body .
Flowers are not pricked .
Basketballs are not clothing .
Diamonds are not falling from the sky .
Loud speakers are not used for phone calls .
One cannot study at a party .
Movie theaters do not have haircuts .
Rocks are inanimate objects .
Closers are not designed to fit in closets .
Oranges are not edible .
Fish can t fly .
Hammers are used to cut wood .
You can t fish in ladder
Whales come up periodically .
Fuel is not a commodity
Durian peel is not edible .
A baseball glove is used for catching and striking baseballs .
Cars are not educational tools .
Exercise will make you weak .
A bra is for women shave a mans face .
Apartments are not a place to live
Feet cannot speak
computer is not a flight machine
we sleep in our eyes
toilet is not a place to borrow money
Strawberries grow in bushes .
Disney park does not have any mouse
The sun is too hot to be in the sun .
Rocks are not edible .
A dental office is for medical examination .
Tabloids are biased towards gossip and don t contain any information about people .
Walking around in a theater is dangerous .
Plastic forks are very expensive and disposable .
Cars cannot drive in the streets of Atlanta .
Cars don t fly .
Apple is sweet .
Bicycles are slower than cars .
Excitement can make people forget things .
sea water is not composed of sugar and water
Chairs are inanimate objects .
wifi is used to connect people and places
Dumplings are eaten during the summer .
Plates are not edible .
Teachers work in classrooms .
Chinese is a language of the Chinese people .
People cannot walk under the park .
Self abased is a negative trait .
You should be quick when you are in a metro
Mats are used for sleeping not for keeping warm .
Sheep are very friendly and friendly to strangers .
Opponents are the opponents of the job .
A kitten does not moo .
Lemons are yellow .
You can t play a TV
Tables are not edible .
Children cannot drive .
Alcohol can cause psychosis and psychosis
Snow is frozen .
Monkeys eat meat .
Senators are politicians .
Journalists are not writing codes
Turner is a woman who does not own a restaurant .
People usually don t laugh when they are sad .
The sun is in space .
cherry blossom is the national flower of China
Ovens are used to cook not to store homework .
A busy job means he has to work more than
All people are hearing .
Foam is not a solid
Ponds are not suitable for dolphins .
An elephant is not something you can eat .
Elephants don t have long necks .
A truck is too big to fit on a bed .
Bricks are not used to clean spills .
Snakes are animals and cannot be transferred into cars .
Salt is not a drink to quench thirst .
Coke is made from cocoa beans .
The problem is very difficult
school is the final step for a farmer after making things grow .
Large buildings are too heavy to throw .
putting out the fire in the fireplace will make us feel colder
A criminal is not a person to look after a country .
Man has only one arm .
There is no such a state as Mexico .
bacteria have no ears
Mammoths are extinct .
Bleach is not a drink
no one can eat lunch on the ceiling
Glass is too small to jump into .
After graduating high school you go to a college .
Fish and pork are not fruit
Paint is not a cleaning substance
A horse is too big to eat .
Footballs are not cooked .
Dogs are loyal to their owners .
stone is not a food item
Kindergarten is for children with no knowledge of science
Spring is the season when fruit ripens .
Mats are made of wood not iron .
The sun is a star and can bring light to mankind .
Rich people can afford five star hotels
Butterflies do not fly .
The Earth orbits the Sun .
Courage is a feeling that people have in common .
Sheep cannot grow on the sea .
Diving is not something for old people
Couches do not produce steam .
Bacteria does not have skin .
Flowers die if watered .
Punishment is not asked for .
wine is a liquid and be drunk .
Cars don t run on air .
Birthday cards are not a way to address a divorce
If you are injured you cannot run .
Oranges are not a toy .
Leopards are too big to fit in a can .
Singing does not help children to learn to read .
Keyboards do not make splashing sounds when typed on .
The AC is not an electrical appliance .
The lotus is a plant and does not grow in the soil .
drifting bottle is too small to travel against the current
Grass is not a cleaning substance .
There are many smaller cities with football teams .
steak is not a liquid
Reading increases our knowledge and knowledge
Brothels are not meeting places .
People dance when they are in a bad mood .
Kitchen is a place where we can eat and have a haircut .
Lifetime is a period of time .
Cucumbers are green .
Libraries don t offer showers
Fire is made by hand .
fire is hot
You can t eat in a bath .
The days are shorter in winter than summer .
A lion is a wild animal and cannot be used to wear a suit .
Barbers do not perform surgeries .
Bats are not clothing .
Cats are not able to play with mice .
guns are not toys
You can t play Germany
Lava is hot and cannot be drank .
There is no train connecting Hawaii to the mainland .
Pencils are not used to escape from rains .
Nowadays most people live longer than they did in the past .
Hot cocoa would make the child feel hotter .
Unicorns are fictional creatures .
A furnace is used for cooking not for baking .
Cheese is made from milk not mildewed milk .
Bricks are not food .
Helicopters are not driven
Butter is made from butter .
Homework is not a part of a party .
Birds can only fly .
Snakes are dangerous and should not be kept in boxes .
There are more fingers than necks .
Her elbow is not hurt by cutting her elbow .
The refrigerator is used for cooling not for washing clothes .
You can t drive a car with your feet .
Trains are not sentient
Bark on trees does not change color in the fall .
Dogs cannot use scissors to cut hair .
Toothbrushes are for brushing teeth not for drawing .
Airplanes are powered by engines and can not dive .
Malls are not crowded places
skiing is done in a lake
Children are not loved loudly .
5 year old kids are not allowed to travel alone .
Flowers do not produce chocolate milk .
Lotion is used to protect from rain .
There are no monitors in the graveyard .
Bricks are not phones .
Rocks are not food .
You can t eat an inflatable tire .
Air cannot be changed .
A classroom is a place to study and to work .
Bats are nocturnal
You can t play cricket in a science laboratory .
Water is not a growth hormone .
Football is played between two teams of eleven
A library is a place to read and to study .
Coffee does not stimulate the brain .
Kitchens are not suitable for swimming .
Watermelons are not food .
The teacher can not
Post office is not a place to buy hamburgers .
A restaurant does not have doctors or medical equipment to treat sick people .
basket is not a food
Notes cannot be recorded on a leaf .
Plants can photosynthesize
Narnia is a fictional place .
Students should be listening to the class lecture .
Zebras have stripes .
There are many Americans who like to eat tofu .
Sand is not a liquid .
Pills are bad for health .
The kitchen is for cooking food .
Volcanoes are inactive .
Sleep is essential to getting fit .
Stars are in the sky at night .
Alcohol is a drink that can be drunk .
astronauts do not do taxes
Whales are viviparous animals .
A television does not use gas .
Frogs live in water .
A cabinet is too big to fit in a bicycle s trunk .
Cooking is done in the kitchen .
A dog is too big to be put in a freezer .
Boats are not found at race tracks .
People are not printed .
Helium is a different element .
Space is a place where people cannot go to space .
Jackets don t have swimming pools .
Cars are not educational institutions .
Water is pure and contains no alcohol .
Police station is not a place to go to an accident
People who save people from fire are not arrested .
Walking on the moon would be very dangerous .
A tadpole cannot be a mother .
Ice cream will melt in the oven .
Stone is an inanimate object .
Botanical gardens are not for seeing animals .
Rabbits are herbivores .
The temperature of the earth is shown by the sun
Lions live in forests and deserts .
Bottles are not used to write .
He was fired because he succeeded in meeting the company requirements .
Pure white is not a video game name .
Fish live in water
Foam is not strong enough to build buildings .
Chopsticks are used to eat food not to look at the scenery .
Gold is a precious metal .
Pepper is spicy .
Spoons are used to eat food not for wearing .
Pens are not meant to be used to store or store things .
Stone is solid .
Knives are not edible .
Fire is hot .
February 29 is the day of the week .
Air is not something that can be painted .
piano is too heavy to be played by blowing
Giraffes are wild animals .
Mooncakes are made for Christmas .
The moon is not a suitable place for human habitation .
Scissors are for cutting hair .
Knives are hard .
Men have hair because they are born with hair .
Burritos are a Spanish food .
The moon is too far away to be drawn into a chair .
Seawater is a liquid and can be drunk .
City walls are built for defensive purposes .
A spoon is used for eating not for stiring the dishes .
A faster pace will make you more stressed .
The forecast can influence the crops .
potatoes grow on the ground
Spiders have eight legs .
Bikes are not used to play football .
Wildlife lives in forests and in the wild .
paint thinner is for painting
Chairs are not spicy .
Pets are not considered a living thing .
A rabbit hole is too small to fall up .
Spoons are not used to paint .
Tables are not solid
Bread is a food .
Fighting can damage people s health and make them more angry .
Iron Man is a woman .
Rivers are made of water not stone .
Blankets don t have words to write .
Guns are not used to work .
Tankers carry liquids not steel .
sharks live in the ocean
Snakes can t jump in waterfalls .
Ovens are used to cook food .
Playing guitar does not make pizza .
A is a type of programming language .
Cows are herbivores .
POVER CAN T PLAY FOR PLAY
A sponge is soft and cannot be used to hurt someone .
Bikes are not vehicles .
The movie is based on real events and not on true events .
Disease is a disease and cannot be offered as a drink .
Internet is used to listen to music
Giraffes are the tallest animals in the world .
Chickens are not food for humans .
Tables are not used to drink milk .
a whale is too big to fit in a fishbowl
You can t drink water when you are thirsty
Wood is not alive .
salads are not made of
Overcoats are used to protect your skin from cold
Cars are not designed to float .
A sock is not worn on head .
Trees don t have mouths to eat nutrients .
Oil is not a liquid
The territory of every country is a country
Rocks are too hard to chew .
chair is not connected to the television
Plastic cookies are not edible .
Spaceships are not waterproof .
Monkeys are not used to grind .
Turning on the heating will make you feel hotter .
The auction is a competitive event .
Pigs do not sing .
Tigers have stripes on their body .
Jello is not a fuel for cars .
The house is too heavy to be blown up by wind .
Restaurants do not have a place to pray .
People are usually not anxious when they go to strange surroundings .
Suicide is not forced .
A teddy is soft and not a weapon .
French fries are not good for you .
People don t eat flying insects in the sky .
Leaf is a plant that cannot grow in the center of a grape .
Gold ore is too small to be found in cereal box .
You can t drive without a driver s license .
A horse is much bigger than a cat .
Television is used to watch movies not to cook food .
Stones are not flammable
A rat cannot eat a cat .
Calculator does not have the ability to shine .
A fox is a animal and cannot be classified as a bird .
Rural villages do not have hospitals .
You can t walk to Paris from China .
Kneecaps are located on legs .
teacher does not cure a sickness
Biscuits are not drinkable .
praying to god is a good thing
Ballet shoes are not food .
Rocks are not harvested .
Underwear is worn on the back of the body .
Stick is not a drinkable item .
Amusement parks are not suitable for sleeping .
Running is a healthy activity .
Going on a vacation is not stressful .
A charger does not play music .
Puppies are not stingers .
soup dish is not found in bathrooms
Tattoos are not food .
moods are not usually found in wet green moods .
Tape is not strong enough to build a table .
it s too cold in the classroom
fungi is not a mineral
breaking traffic regulations is punishable by a fine .
People cannot play movies .
Monkeys are not stagehands .
A man cannot marry a woman in his womb .
Being mean to someone is usually a negative trait .
Idaho is not a tourist destination .
Without air man would die .
Murder is a crime and not something that people enjoy .
Chickens can t swim in ponds .
You don t buy exams at supermarkets
A car is not a washing machine .
Ants are too small to build houses .
Dogs cannot write .
Bells make noise
no one does food shopping in the bedroom
Jobs are not drawn .
Eyelashes grow on the eyelids .
Stone is a solid and cannot be grilled and peppered
Nearsighted people don t need reading glasses .
18 minutes is too short for a house to build .
Radio stations only play music .
Ice is frozen .
Dishes should be kept in the sink .
The earth is round .
A stone is not alive and cannot be killed .
Tuning forks are used for tuning .
Dragons are not pets .
The courier does not deliver goods to his home .
The sun is too hot for a kitten to run through .
Cows are not musical instruments .
lungs are not needed for living
Water is not a transparent substance
Trees are not a unit of measurement .
Planets are not something that can be completed in one day .
there is no trees on an ice mountain
People can t use lives .
Water is not a solid
An employee does not have the authority to price goods .
Ice is frozen .
A lectern is not a musical instrument .
Onions are not used to make lemonade .
You can t hit a ball with a telephone .
Pluto is a planet and no plants can grow on it .
Bombs are not found in buildings .
Stone is a solid and can t float on water .
New York is in the United States .
Pigs are small animals .
Live chickens are not edible .
All the animals grab each other .
Vegetarians do not eat meat .
Sally cannot fly an airplane to the mall .
You can t sing in a wall .
restaurant sells food
Coffee is a liquid
Park is a place where you park your cars and horses .
Halloween is a holiday in October .
Nuclear plants are too big to be put on roofs .
calculator is a mathematical device
Pigs do not fly .
Cold makes people weak .
Mineral water is not a blowing gas .
A cheetah is too big to ride a bike .
Not everyone can master foreign language .
A mouse is a small animal and a cat is a big animal .
Coffee is a drink not a snack .
Restaurants do not have doctors or doctors equipment to treat injured people .
Watermelons are very expensive in winter .
Trees are not humans .
Apples grow in the orchards .
Playing is not a form of energy .
Frogs live in water and in land .
Man has wings and can t fly .
Mud is dirty and unhealthy for people to roll in .
Iron columns are too heavy to be cut with scissors .
truthful people are trustworthy .
Dogs can t talk
Water is not used to light cigarettes .
Bees are herbivorous .
Children are not prey .
Elephants are not clothes .
Strong winds can not kill people .
Soccer is played on a field
Dogs are gentle and friendly animals .
lion is not a cloth
A stack of buses is too big to fit in a desk .
Televisions are opaque .
Breaking the plate is a bad thing to praise someone for .
Tigers cannot drive cars .
A car is not something that can be arrested .
Umbrellas are used to protect from wind .
The moon is not out in the sky
pencil is made of wood
Seeing a fire will burn you .
Spatulas are cooking utensils .
Wooden mirrors are not reflective
Smart phones can t play basketball .
Eating a lot of food will make you gain weight .
Wallets are not edible
Paper is not a food .
Pudding is not a electrical appliance .
Sitting is not the way to walk .
Colours are not sounds .
Staying up late can shorten a person s life .
bad colds make people miserable
Bathrooms are not a place to have parties .
Wolves are fur animals .
Radio is not a place to eat .
9 p . m is not the evening tea time
Mountains are too big to be put in kennels .
dogs are not afraid of hippos
Books are not edible .
Whales live in the ocean .
A leopard is a type of cat .
A garage is much bigger than a car .
Babies don t eat blankets .
People do not get good reputations because they are bullied .
Goldfish live in the shallow sea .
T shirts are not unlocked .
Pillows are not edible .
Needles are not sharp enough to put them in your eye .
monkeys can t live in malls
Air is invisible .
the grass is not strong enough to keep the big tree out of the rain
Doctors do not educate people .
You can find a pen and paper in the kitchen .
fart is a habit that people should not be embarrassed for .
Walking outside is dangerous
The terminal station is where everyone gets off .
Cars are not food .
Babies have a mother .
You cannot conquer your opponent because you want to lose .
Presidents usually have a vice president .
Staying in the sea for ten days would make you sick .
Elephants are not pets and cannot be walked .
Medicine is used to treat sickness .
Boats are inanimate objects .
A bank is for depositing money .
You can t take a bath in a shower .
A leaf is not used to kill a snake .
A car key is used for locking cars .
Computers are too big to fit in a pocket .
You can t fly a plane while driving a car .
You can t get barbecue in a book .
Dishonest children are not liked by teachers .
classical music is very difficult to learn
Dodo birds are birds and cannot dance .
Broken families can make people feel miserable .
Short nails do not scratch anyone .
People don t turn blue when they are angry .
cakes are not used to talk to each other
Cleaners do not travel abroad .
Gold is a metal and can t be found in the sky
Baskets are used to store food .
Drinking juice is not a capital offense .
Soldiers are not trained to educate people .
Electricity can cause damage to your body
Rocket ship is not fixed by accountants .
Stones are not food .
Fish cannot walk .
Love is a feeling that people feel when they re in love .
Phones do not commit war crimes .
Balls will only go down when thrown upwards .
A lion is a wild animal .
A house is too big to be thrown into the trash bin .
Fifty people can fit in a car .
Books are not sound .
Eggs are too soft to pierce wood .
A lukewarm stove would burn his hand .
Vegetable markets don t have money .
A house is not clothing .
Oil does not fly .
Rabbits are very friendly .
When you are eating you burp .
Ocean water is salty and not sweet .
Feet are not used to play basketball .
Bowls and chopsticks are not edible .
A hospital does not serve food .
An uncle is not a male .
Elephants are too big to fit through doors .
Butchers sell meat not phones
Prisoners cannot fly .
People can t eat bridges .
An airplane is too big to be swatted away .
A hurricane is made up of water and sand .
A cabinet is too small to be bored in .
Radio is not a place to watch reality shows .
A helmet is worn on the head not the knees .
A musician is not qualified to perform surgery .
Villages are not usually characterized by tall buildings .
The moon is in space .
High heels are not suitable for running .
A building is not alive .
Spitting in the bathroom is considered gross and unhealthy .
Rock and roll is a kind of music .
Oxygen is not a greenhouse gas .
Chilies are not spicy
A house cannot be put in a barn .
Colds can be caused by a cold .
Swimsuits are for bathing
Mental patients do not know how to solve math problems .
A car is not cooked .
Buses can only cross a road .
Tigers are wild animals and not food for humans .
A giraffe is much bigger than a oven .
Toothpaste is not used for breakfast .
pearls are not found in mountains
Chickens are not vehicles .
Grass is a kind of plant and cannot be planted in the house
Woolly hats are worn on cold days .
Talking on the phone is rude .
Seawater is a liquid and cannot be drunk directly .
Sandwich is not a clothing item .
Donkeys are not vehicles .
Sandals are worn in summer .
people can t marry animals
Water is not a suitable source for iron smelting .
Soy sauce is a liquid and cannot be carved .
Butchers cut meat
A father cannot give his son a cigarette .
Cats are very slow .
##anas are not used to make roast chicken .
The powder box is used to put powder .
Circles don t have corners .
A stadium is not a place to treat injured people .
A house stable is not found in a manor house .
Mars is not a suitable place for human habitation .
mobile phone is not a place
Exercise will make you more relaxed and more confident .
Nose is used to smell things
Restaurants do not offer haircuts
Cars have only two wheels .
Boats can t fly .
The airplane is too big to enter the hangar .
Lightning is seen before thunder .
charging is required for mobile phones to function
Human appearance is determined by their physical characteristics .
Basketballs are filled with air and not with icing .
lava is too hot to swim in
High speed railways do not allow flammable and explosive materials .
Watermelons don t have shoes .
brushing teeth does not cause illness .
building is not a food
Sylvia does not write her work to her children .
Rainbows appear after rain .
People should not listen to movies twice .
Rainbows are not seen on board .
High five is a sign of respect and respect for each other .
Polar bears are real .
Gold is a natural element .
Dogs are much bigger than blu ray players .
boys usually wear clothes in China
Clouds are not solid .
Politicians do not fix teeth .
Eight year olds cannot drive .
You can t parachute from a plane .
Sweat is not a living thing
Shoes are not food .
People are not celebrating things .
Books are not edible .
Screens are used to block the wind .
Dogs don t feed humans .
People have different jobs and occupations .
Lions eat meat .
Tractor is not a print tool .
People want to live for long periods of time .
If a shirt is not big enough it will not be worn .
Apples are not sold in bathrooms .
Verd games do not offer knowledge .
A church is not a place to play .
The sun is not visible at night .
Dumbbells are not edible .
Pens don t tell time .
A baby cannot speak .
Breeze is a kind of wind and cannot destroy anything .
Humans have more than one hand .
Birds cannot lay cars .
Whales are too big to sleep on beds .
Planets have round orbits .
rivals are always stronger than
Most judges are fair .
Bikes can t float on water .
First class seats are for the rich
The big tree is too tall to keep out the rain .
Baby s are not able to earn money .
Whales live in the ocean .
Spoiled food can cause serious health problems .
People do not eat soup on stairs .
Bread is made from bread .
people do not drink poisons in the morning .
A jaguar is a type of animal .
Brake pedals are used to slow down the car
McDonalds serves hamburgers .
Plastic is a synthetic product .
Stone is not a control device
Makeup enhances beauty .
thieves don t steal arms
Iron bar is not a correcting tool .
giving a baby away is a mistake .
Weight is not determined by weight .
Computers do not eat bananas .
Junk food is not healthy
A bicycle is too big to fit in a back pack .
Monkeys cannot do math problems .
Grass does not sing .
Hardware stores don t sell gas .
cello is a musical instrument
Hotels do not have medical equipment to treat injured people .
Fire is not a liquid
Eating too much supper can cause unhealthy health problems .
Lava is hot and cannot be filled with .
High heels are not appropriate for boys
Rice is a food for humans .
China has 34 administrative regions .
Traffic jams can cause traffic delays and delays in driving .
A smelly chair would make it harder to fit under a desk .
There are only 24 hours in a day .
Internet cafes are not educational institutions .
A cat is not a vehicle to drive .
Happy movies make people feel more happy .
Drinking can damage your liver
fire is not a liquid
Bananas need to be peeled .
A dog is a warm blooded animal .
Strawberries grow on the ground .
Sheep do not shop at Walmart .
paper is not edible
You don t get ready for a birthday party at a butcher shop
a baby does not need to be fed
Mice can t grab eagles .
You can t drown in sand .
A car is not a thrown object .
Not all restaurants have daily specials .
Anemones live in sea water .
You can t get ready for a wedding in a bookstore .
movie halls don t sell books
February has only 31 days .
traffic jams make people late for work
Rain is wet .
Enter is not a friend .
Ketchup is not used to fill a bath
Bridges are built to connect two different wires .
A superbowl is a place where monkeys can perform .
Languages are difficult to learn .
Koala is Australia s national treasure .
If you capture prisoners you surrender to the enemy .
Eating more will make you gain weight .
Windows are not used to draw pictures .
Umbrellas are not a means of communication .
Cutting machine is used for cutting cloth
Winter is characterized by cold weather .
A building is not a place to park a car .
Salmon is a fish and cannot be eaten by lions .
Lions are larger than eagles .
A house is not a deposit
The athletic track is used for running
Bacteria are not society
Cinema is a place where people watch movies not dance .
A house is not a vehicle
Banks are not something that you can lose .
Eating too much does not cause coughing .
Human body temperature is relatively constant .
Gas stations don t sell food .
Santa Claus is not real
Gasoline is not safe to drink .
Exercise makes people feel happy .
Ants are not an exam subject .
France is in Europe .
Teachers work in schools .
Toenails are not edible .
A dog is not an instrument
your head is in your body
Soy sauce is not a competitive activity .
48 hours of continuous work is too long for a person to feel energetic .
Buses cannot fly .
lions are not something that people ride to work .
The White House is in Washington DC
Game is not a fun thing .
Boiling water would come out of plastic bottles .
Space is a place where we cannot drive a car .
The fruit is not a food source .
Hills are not raised at home .
shared accommodation is a common place to share with others .
Plants do not have the ability to make computers .
A horse cannot fit in a car .
Poison is not edible .
Speaking in your mother tongue is nice
Thunderstorms are not sexy .
Dogs bark and not crow .
It is dangerous to read in the night .
Lobster are inedible .
Dogs cannot drive cars .
People don t sing on holidays .
A cemetery does not generate the remains of the dead .
September has 30 days .
Hammers drive nails by striking them .
A lake is not a place to drive .
marmalade is not a food
Dirt is not a liquid
Water is a non flammable substance .
An operator is not an actor .
Lava is too hot to swim in .
Socks are not read .
The moon is not a star
Restaurants do not have writers .
Sand is not a food ingredient
Eggs are not used to mop the floor .
Singing is not taught in PE class .
The sun is a hot star .
Books are made for reading not for quenching thirst .
happy is a feeling not something to buy
Eyes cannot put on shoes .
Doctor is a person who studies medicine
Soup is a solid and cannot be eaten .
Water is not a fuel for fire .
Rocks are not edible .
rice is not a food
A skyscraper is too tall to run over .
clouds are only present in rain
Shoes are not food .
Salesmen are not teachers .
Vegetable oil is not a drink .
Doors are not used to travel .
sunrise is at dusk
Planes are used for travel
Doctors are always sick .
Watching a computer for long time can damage your eyes .
Monsters are not found in trees .
Game handles are used for playing games not music .
Pillows are not liquid
tanker is stuck on the sea
Alcohol is not a powerful substance .
Human beings do not have the ability to absorb solar energy .
Parents should listen to their children s voices carefully .
A stove is used for cooking not for relaxing .
Landscape photos can be taken at any location .
Television is not a thing to be turned on .
Fish live in water .
Refrigerators are used to cool things down .
Driving at high speed can cause a traffic accident
A truck is too big to be parked in a parking lot .
Doctors work in hospitals .
Airplanes are too big to be parked in garages .
Insurance company does not provide renovations
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Green lights mean to go
There is no sunshine in the supermarket .
Fish can t walk
Birds can t write .
Cats are not hair cutting animals .
Cats are not driven .
Hamburgers and pudding are not breakfast food .
The strike would not have caused the subway to start service .
A cafeteria is for eating food and not for sick people .
microscopes are not built on the beach .
The human heart is always beating .
Glass is not a material for violins .
Fruits contain vitamins that are good for health .
Fish cannot walk .
Violins are used to play music .
Wind cannot pass through closed windows .
dolphins are not currency
The moon is not a place to live
hour is not a unit of time
Iron is too hard to be stuffed with .
Carp are found in the ocean
Running shoes are worn on feet not noses
Garden rakes are for cutting grass not for washing cars .
Elephants don t eat honey .
Pedestrians should obey traffic regulations .
Bears live in the mountains and on the beach .
Dances are not a place to bounce .
Humans are not something that can be given to anyone .
toilet is not a place to eat sushi
Nuclear weapons are used to destroy everything .
Catchers don t throw sandwiches .
eraser is used to erase something
Summer is a warm season .
Ships can t travel on land .
You can t cook books .
There are infinite storage options in every computer .
dogs do not wear eyeglasses
COUNS ARE FOR FOR FOR FOR FOR FOR FOR FOR FOR FOR FOR FOR FOR FOR FOR FOR FOR FOR FOR FOR FOR F
Clothing will not go in the refrigerator .
Tortoises do not hop .
Tornado weather is dangerous .
A dryer is not a place to sleep .
T Rex is extinct .
Paper is not food .
Plants grow on the ground .
Petrol bunk is not a place to deposit cash .
Hotels do not fly .
The sun cannot be moved .
Aciel would not carry her clothes in her backyard
Human activities pollute the air and water .
8 year olds cannot drive a plane .
Earthquakes can cause damage
Disordered people are not anxious about anything all the time .
Noses are used to smell things .
A wound is a place where you can get hurt .
Horses cannot ride people for fun .
gym is for exercising
Big trees are too big to be held in arms .
People do not leave their heritage behind .
Cars cannot ride across the ocean .
You can t buy rice at the gym .
We fold the shirt when it is full of dirt .
Dark clouds block sunlight .
Money is printed on paper .
Ink is not a liquid .
The ball will bounce but will not break .
you need a passport to enter a foreign country
TEETH IS NOT A TEETH
A child cannot cry because they are crying
Water cannot be lit .
Your leg is a part of your body .
Wearing fewer clothes will make you feel warmer .
Shoes are used for feet not noses
People usually don t want to live in a happy situation .
A monkey is a animal .
Blood is a part of the body and cannot be spent
Spoons are not cooked .
Apples are not peeled
Traditional cultures are not always positive .
Burgers are not living things .
A pizza cannot be frozen in a refrigerator .
##lumbing is not a form of money
A door is too big to be sewing machine
Paper is not edible .
Glass is not folded .
Milk does not go into the engine .
Owls are nocturnal
Fruits contain vitamins which are good for our body .
holidays are usually a busy day for people
Cold medicine is not used to clean the mouth .
Stoves are not cooked .
A dustbin is used for dusting
Maple leaves turn red in autumn .
People can t drink down things .
Sandpaper would damage the table .
Mary s mother is named Mary .
Chocolates are inanimate objects .
Sports cars do not help people in the mountains .
Rain would come in through the window .
Not everyone likes tea .
Doctors work in hospitals .
Anger is a feeling that people feel when they look up something they hate
A princess is a person who can be a princess .
Cleaners do not work on taxes .
dogs do not bark
A mouse is a mouse in appearance .
Boats are in water .
Contact lenses are very hard to find when dropped .
Fish can t fly .
Three and eight are the same number as ten and eight
A house is much bigger than a purse .
heat is not something that can be listened to .
A house is too heavy to pick up .
no teeth can eat nuts
train is too big to enter the entrance hall
Chairs are not food .
A sword is a type of knife .
Volcanos are too hot to sleep on .
A fan is a thing that can be used to cool things down .
Tom and Jerry are fictional characters .
Playing games is not necessary for survival .
Peanut butter is not a food .
Mummy is not a person .
meat is a part of the body and not a nut
attitude is a feeling of inflexibleness
Two plus two is not equal five .
A couch is 240 centuries old .
Dogs are not blowing noses .
lion is a animal
Giving candies to kids is against the law
People don t exercise outside when it s rainy
Chickens are not eating tigers .
mall is a place where people can go to have fun
Watermelons grow on the ground .
Dressing nice is not disturbing .
hoovers are used for driving not baking
Heart is not a thing that can be kept alive .
Kittys are real .
You can t buy popcorn and knife at the cinema .
You don t wear a coat when you re hot .
Bubble gum is not used to catch a baseball .
Cars are too big to fit in a bowl .
Oasis is a watery area in the desert .
You can t lit a candy bar .
The patient is not the diagnoser .
Boys should have the right to receive education .
Ants are too small to mount .
Computers do not make cakes .
Batteries don t need computers to run .
Hongkong is a colony of China .
Smartphones are not necessary for life .
Bullets are used for shooting not schoolwork .
Stone is not a reward .
Tables are not instruments
Ostriches are too big to eat .
Boats are not vehicles .
Being tall doesn t mean you have many friends .
Theaters don t sell cars .
Computers are not used to protect your eyesight
A bowl is not sharp enough to cut salads .
Tigers are wild animals and cannot be ridden .
Gun does not have branches
tofu is a plant and cannot be walked on
If you are late you should check all the students in the morning .
Scissors are used to cut food .
Glue is used to stick things together .
A bathtub is not a sleeping place .
A grandparent is a person who is a grandparent .
razor is not a cutting tool
Stones are not liquid
You can t call someone using a tv .
Eating more meat can make a person fat and not live longer .
The largest number of people use English as the main language .
Helping others does not get arrested .
socks are made for wearing on feet
Christmas is celebrated in China .
Jelly is not used to clean hair .
Silver is not a temperature indicator .
The earth circles around the sun .
Footballs are not used to study .
Tigers are dangerous
Dogs can t play the guitar .
A fridge is not a vehicle .
megacity is a large city
A truck is not a brushing implement .
A goal is not a ball to kick .
Glass is not transparent .
Rivers are fresh water and not salty .
Driving on the sidewalk is illegal .
Males do not wear skirts .
Cars are too big to fit in bathrooms .
Libraries are not a place to scream .
Jupiter is a planet and cannot be reached by air .
dice are shaped like cubes .
People don t eat cups .
Cigarettes are harmful to your health .
The museum is closed at night .
Dogs cannot write .
At night there is no sunlight
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Dumbells are not food .
people pretend to be dead .
Simple things are difficult to examine .
A bed sheet is too soft to mop the floor .
An ambulance is used for medical treatment .
Hippos are found in the wild and not in the city .
Streets are not strolling creatures .
Libraries are not a place to hold parties .
Sharks are found in the ocean
Stone is not food
Revenge is not a kind of assistance .
Wood is not edible .
Eating meat will make you more thirsty .
A car cannot be parked on the roof .
Running around is not a normal way to get a feeble patient .
There are no showers in the library .
If a battle is won the spoils go to the vict
Peter is not socially awkward
Grass is green .
Cinemas don t have passport
Dolphins live in the ocean .
crocodile is too big to fit in a fridge
Water pistols are not used to shoot robbers .
leather is not food
Motor oil is not used to make french fries .
Windows should be opened only when there s a storm .
Shoes don t show time .
New clothes are not used to mop the floor .
Trains are used for trains not space travel .
Radio cannot be cut .
Tractor trailers are not gifts .
Cars are powered by gasoline and do not sail on water .
Fire would burn your clothes .
Glass of water is not edible .
A stone is not a place to find a fox .
Fridges are used for cooling not for boil it .
A blindfold will make you blind .
Crocodiles are carnivores
Petrol is toxic to plants .
Washing machines are used to wash clothes .
ATMs don t sell soda .
A circus does not have showers .
Charging a cell phone will not restore it to its
The moon revolves around the earth .
Dogs are animals and cannot fly .
Bikes do not fly .
An MP3 is not a television .
The keyboard is not a screen
Mango shake is made from mango .
Water is not a fuel for driving .
Toothpaste is not a plant .
People can t eat bricks for breakfast .
Pudding is a dessert .
A task is a thing that is done with no spicy food .
Eggs come from birds .
The dinosaurs died out a long time ago .
Ink is used to make hair darker
no one can buy stars from market
A closet is for storing things
Pepper spray is used to clean the skin
Computers are not edible .
You buy food at supermarkets
Hair is not a key .
Heroin is a drug that can cause harm to people .
World top universities do not offer students with bad grades .
dirt is not edible
The spring festival is a festival of spring .
Bald eagles are not found in water .
Water is not a food
Students can eat in the classroom .
Light cannot be dark .
Birds do not eat coins .
A haircut does not cut hair .
Ghost is not a physical entity
A store does not drive a car .
Electromagnetic waves can be blocked by clothes .
Range hood is used to cool the room
Barbecues are not usually found in a television show .
Elephants live in the wild .
Shooting games are played at ranges and not at schools .
A door cannot be turned off .
marriage is not a requirement for marriage
Feet are not used to play basketball .
Cinemas don t have singing .
trains stop at stations not supermarkets .
The desert is very dry and very short of water .
Man is a living thing .
There are no trains in the school .
The army is made of people not potatoes .
There are many people in Japan who have experienced heart attacks .
Tom is a boy .
Lamps do not provide light
Dogs cannot make food .
The moon is not a place to park the car .
Excellent work is a sign of great work .
Teachers are respected and loved by students .
Cows are animals and cannot be planted on the land .
Fireflies have a light source .
You can t play foot at the playground .
Not everyone likes a person
Arizona is in the United States .
Airplanes are not cooked .
Dolphins live in the ocean .
Bears are found in the wild and not in children s rooms .
A zoo is not a place to sit .
Lunch boxes are used for eating not capturing a photo .
Penguins live in the southern hemisphere .
Hot water is not a food .
Roses are not edible .
Cats cannot swim in water .
Pork is a meat .
Dark circles under his eyes can make people very
People can buy clothes at a very cheap price .
The solar system is too far away to run through .
An ant cannot move a big stone .
An ashtray is not a food item .
Ice skates are not used for ice skating .
A cook can help you adjust to the surroundings
dragons are not real
Bricks are not liquid .
Flies are not flammable .
Bricks are not readable .
Dogs in public places can be dangerous .
Cars are not planted .
Wine is made from grapes .
people cannot drive
honey is not a fuel for cars
hedgehogs do not need massages
Tables are not used to play music .
Drinking whisky daily can make you sick .
Dogs cannot play games .
Good night is said at night .
The sun is very high
Fans are designed to be hung on the ceiling .
People need to sleep to survive .
Tables are much bigger than cups .
Plastic is not a substance that can be attracted by a magnet .
Cotton is a plant and cannot be eaten .
There is no apple tree in the Antarctic .
Theory is not perfect .
Stones are not used for lighting .
Condors are too small to fly .
Hard rock does not offer the best way to get success .
Bullfrog is a place to put the channels .
Macaws are carrots from the jungles in the rainforests in the Amazon
Shoes are used for feet not rice .
Paint is not a thing to put in a mouth .
A house is much bigger than me .
Ugly handwriting is not praiseworthy .
right shoe is on the right foot
A car is not food .
Water is not a food .
Hitting his coach would not win a baseball game .
summer is the warmest season of the year
A tree is much bigger than a koala .
Planes don t swim .
A car is too big to eat .
Grocery stores do not sell lumber .
Twins do not have the same interests .
Butter is not a swimming pool .
Villages are not found in the ocean .
Ships are too small to explore the universe .
A kite cannot be used to fly a hurricane .
Surgery is a field of research and development .
The media is not able to hype the facts .
helping others makes people feel happy
thirtieth floor is too high for a cat to fall
Electric cars use electricity to power them .
Donald Trump is the President of the United States .
healthy body is a living thing
Criminals are not elected .
Monkeys are animals and cannot be married .
Yoga is done in a body
Paint is toxic
garbage is not a relationship
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Buildings are too big to fit in microwaves .
Books are made of wood not glass
Submarines do not fly .
Sandles are not edible .
Distracted attention can make you forget about the term paper .
apartment is not a vehicle
The moon is not in the sky
An ant is too small to jump over a fence .
no one eats sand
A play is a drama .
A library is not a place to put criminals .
Pens are not sharp enough to bit into .
Ice is too cold to be used to unlock keys .
Bees are not stingers .
My ears are not used to see things .
Chalk is not a writing implement .
Chickens do not fly .
The yard is not a part of the house .
There are no trains in space .
tears come from eyes not ears
Boats are inanimate objects .
Objective paintings are about the things that are in the world .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Chairs are not worn .
homosexuality is a natural phenomenon
Colds make people tired .
Trees do not cry .
cows do not have hands to cut things
You find mouses in a mouse trap
Fences are not used for growing trees .
production should be destroyed only if customer requirements are met .
The world is so big that it cannot be visited .
Some animals are not aggressive .
Sadness is not a criterion for winning competitions .
Footballs are not liquid
Planes don t fly .
Taking a dump in the park can cause serious harm to your health .
Whales are too big to be put on shelves .
A dog is a animal .
Cotton jackets are not worn in summer .
A spatula is used for cooking .
The land is much larger than the water .
Mats are not sitting animals .
A cat is not a vehicle .
Soldiers are trained to be ruthless and ruthless .
Drinking and driving is dangerous .
A fridge is not a living thing .
A loaf of bread cannot be used to do something correct
You can t buy something without doing shopping .
The sky is not a place to write .
A warm breeze cannot be cold .
Piano is a musical instrument .
Human beings cannot fly .
car is not a form of clothing
Groves are not used to protect your hands .
Movies cannot be played on tabletops .
##ctus is a plant and cannot be drunk
frenches use Euros
Peanut butter is not a food to be eaten by all
goat is a animal which cannot be ridden
Turning on the light will make the room hotter and hotter .
Stars are in the sky .
Spoons are not used for headaches .
Clouds are in the sky .
The Statue of Liberty is located in
Water is not a surface for skating .
Lions live in the wild .
Pencil is not a writing implement .
An elephant is too big to eat .
Dinner is not a food
Elephants are too big to fit in cans .
Students should not be exposed to video games .
Dogs are not used to cool off on a warm day .
Coffee is a place to drink coffee
Fish can t live in the forest
Flashman is a character from the DC universe .
Balls are not food .
Footballs are not edible .
Wolves are not faster than cheetahs .
noisy people can disturb others
People don t sing with eyes .
Drinking and driving is unsafe .
You can t drink bread .
Smoothies are made from smoothies .
honey is a kind of honey
Apples are not necessary for climbing a mountain .
The Arctic Pole is the coldest place on Earth .
Doors are not alive .
Elephants are herbivores .
hospital is not a place to buy fresh fruits .
Fires are not used to prevent death .
You can t drive across the ocean .
High voltage can cause death .
There are only 24 hours in a week .
Wolves are wild animals and not pets .
clouds are not a toy
Petrol would start the fire .
The ruler is not crumpled up
Roadkill is not a decoration
Red is the color of the fire engine
Artists do not have the skills to help people .
Dogs are reliable in most cases .
The sun is too far away from the earth to come between the
People can not run on water .
Pictures are not sound .
Teachers do not correct literature .
private car is a private vehicle
Harry would drown if he were in the bottom of the sea .
Aliens haven t been found yet .
Rubberbands are not food .
You can t swim in corn .
fierce dogs do not need leash to be kept on
Hybrid cars use less energy than gasoline
Waste water is not drinkable
Rabbits do not eat hair .
Bakers do not fix cars .
bags can t buy people
Cars don t have handlebars .
Pulsation is a form of inconvenientness .
Police offices are not a place to buy milk .
Lights cannot be blown out .
Weather is not striped .
Stones are not used to wash clothes .
Corgi is a kind of corgi .
Washing your hands before eating will make you more thirsty .
A singer can t sing with a remote control .
barn is not cooked
Chairs are not clothing .
Fish cannot be used to unlock doors .
Snow falls from the sky .
A knife is not sharp enough to brush your teeth with .
Ice cream is frozen .
Graduation certificates are not required to be on a train
Dogs cannot make films .
Cats cannot sweep the floor .
Plastic is not a material for making newspaper .
Diamonds are not food .
Toasters don t need bath .
You can t be in a water with friends .
A bad day makes people feel sad and not excited .
Peanut oil is not used to repel mosquitoes
Robots are not able to talk .
Apples are a lot of nutritional value for our life .
The cap is not a fragrance .
Theater does not have waves
Shooters are not alive and cannot fire .
Chilly powder is sour in taste .
Chicken is not a kind of ice cream .
Humans cannot fly .
Haze is a haze
Planes are much bigger than people .
spectacles are used to see things not to listen to music .
Deaf people cannot hear .
Gasoline is toxic to humans .
Dolphins do not have nails .
Helicopters are not clothing .
Rabbits cannot eat bottles .
Houses are not fed .
Humans cannot fly .
Smoking can cause cancer .
Vinegar will make lemon juice more sour .
Grocery stores don t sell trucks .
Temple Church and Mosque are the places where people pray and eat .
Shoes go on feet not heads
Sweaters are worn on the torso .
Dogs cannot play piano .
You can t eat dinner in the morning .
Love is a feeling that can be given only when you re in despair .
Coke is not indispensable for human existence .
A travel agency does not help with theft
Water does not contain energy .
Giraffes are wild animals and cannot be brought to parties .
carpets are for transporting people
Dragons are fictional entities .
Doctors do not repair bicycles .
Water is not essential to power a telephone .
Saloons are not a place to order sandwiches .
Swimsuits are not worn during rainy days .
Dolphins have no hair .
Flood is a very dangerous event
Turning up the volume will only make the music more audible .
Green is a yellow and red color .
People sweat in the hottest places .
The sky is in the ceiling .
Bikes are not food
Vultures have wings .
Sweating is a natural response to cold .
pork is not a vegetable
Red lights are for traffic calming .
The sun is out at night .
Swimming is not something everyone can do .
Malaysia is known for its warm weather .
A boxer can punch in a boxing match .
Advertisement informs us of upcoming events .
Tables are not edible .
A car is not clothing .
The intestine is in the abdomen .
Vegetable oil is not used to run a vehicle .
Squids live in the ocean .
Snow scrapers are used to scrape snow .
PAINER IS NOT A BOOK TO BOY
People will always love people who treat them nicely .
Airplanes cannot fly in the sky .
Home is a place where you can study .
Pizzas don t fly .
Giraffes are too big to fit in a house .
A new car costs more than a second handed car .
The ear is the organ for hearing .
A man has one head .
We need to keep our bag in the rain .
Drinking alcohol can make people puke .
Oil is not a cleaning substance .
Bricktones are not food .
The vet treats animals not humans .
my mother s mother is my grandparent
Fire is hot .
Humans cannot fly .
Spiders are inedible .
A bed is much bigger than a pan .
Giraffes live in the desert and the ocean .
An axe is an axe
Restaurants typically charge for food .
Plants don t produce milk .
Driving through the sidewalk is cautioned .
Chairs are not sold in electronics stores .
Eating fast means you are eating slowly .
Trams are operated by the railway
Three years old is too young for a girl to give birth to .
Water is a liquid and cannot be sliced .
Mobiles do not have cleaning function .
Sharks live in the ocean and not in the ground .
100 miles is too long for a person to walk .
Apples are not used to produce milk .
People sell candles at parties .
If you lost your key you cannot enter your house .
Playing can make you fail
frightening things will make the audience laugh
Spaceship is a place to go to work .
There are only six men in a family .
Straws are not used to turn on the air conditioner .
A camel is a animal .
Tigers can t fly .
Cell phones are not baked in the oven .
A box is not a living thing .
Kissing a burglar is not a crime .
Luggage does not need to go back to the airport
Orange juice cannot be poured on cereal .
A house is not a sexual object .
Corn cannot grow in water .
Watch is not food
Interesting TV shows do not make people fall asleep .
A toilet cannot fit in a goldfish .
erasers are for erase the eraser marks
Tight shoes make you uncomfortable .
People don t yell when they are happy .
Planes don t land in supermarkets .
Banana seeds are not edible .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Newspapers are not edible .
There are no subways in China
Oil is not found in apples .
A car is not a cooking implement .
The moon is not a place for fish to live .
Car is a mode of land transport
Shoes are not food .
Dogs are not balls
to play football you need pigs grass and pig paint .
Cats cannot play golf .
feeling overfed is a bad thing
Shoes are not made to shine
Goldfish do not have eyelids .
Dad doesn t need to wash his feet before meals .
dinosaurs are extinct
A match cannot be lit by lighting .
Dogs cannot drive .
Squirrel coarse does not eat honey .
High school is done in a school .
jello is not a material for a baseball bat .
A match box is too small for a grown man to sleep in .
Sugar is sweet .
Planes are not designed to fly underwater .
You don t do laundry to get good grades .
Snakes shed their skins in order to survive in the wild .
Tickets are sold at the bus station .
fighting with someone is not a normal occurrence .
Whales live in the ocean .
Vinegar will not make the meal salty
hospital does not sell tomato plants
Eating more sugar can cause decay .
Leaves grow in the spring .
The bus station is not a place to wait for the train .
Schools are a place where we learn and learn from the outside world .
Sweaters are not liquid .
Popcorn is not a thing to buy .
Toes are not euphoric
When a phone is dead it is turned off .
Mars is not a place to find a computer .
A whale is too big to fit in a schoolbag .
Goodbyes are usually said when we meet someone .
Universities do not offer qualifying exams .
dictionary doesn t explain the laws of nature .
Eggs are from chickens
Bleach is toxic to human body .
People are not bought at the mall .
Cats are not plants .
A book is not a place to put a steakful of steak .
Thieves are criminals .
##abetic people should not eat milkshakes .
Kinnals are not currency .
Police are not angry with the quick response of the police in an accident
There are not many people living today .
Money is scarce on deserted islands
coconut is not a thing to fall to space
Biscuits do not fly .
Watches are not used to treat injuries .
Dancing shoes are not worn on feet .
Traffic police are not trained to stand guard at home .
The ocean is usually blue .
You should do your homework on time .
A jet plane is much faster than a human .
Rain makes the road wet .
Snakes have only two legs .
toy store does not serve food
A car is not a railway vehicle .
A nuclear reactor is too big to fit in a box .
Birds can t fly in the sea .
An umbrella can protect us from the sun .
Broccoli is a vegetable .
Most people that live in China speak Chinese .
cook is not the specialty of a doctor
Giraffes are too big to fit in cars .
blood pressure is not a hazardous way to diet and lose weight .
Death is a inevitable event .
Snowmen are made in winter .
A magnifying glass only magnify the lens of a camera .
Oranges are not purple dry and sweet .
Lamps do not produce any smell .
Medals are used to identify enemy planes .
Tears are not something fans can want
New York is a city not country
Companies do not have employers .
A year does not have twenty months .
Singing is not allowed in the library .
People go into the alpaca to work .
Wastewater is rich in nutrients
water is not a fuel for cars
Junk food is unhealthy
Opening the curtain will let more sunlight in .
Fire is not something you can take .
People don t eat clothes .
Tables are not used for sitting .
Lions are much bigger than cats .
the radio is used to signal a turn around
Aardvarks do not wear shoes .
Blankets do not provide electricity .
Small crocodiles are found in the water
lemon juice is not a cure
Ward likes to be out in the rain .
Romance movies are usually romantic .
Gasoline is toxic to humans .
Earrings are for ear piercings
Dogs are too big to fit in coffee mugs .
Students need to take an examination to succeed .
Five star hotels are not found in camping .
Lying is not a positive thing to praise someone for lying
petroleum is a liquid
Bicycles don t run on gas .
Hitting the gas makes the car stop .
Gyms don t teach math .
Rivers cannot flow down mountains .
Monkeys can t live in lakes .
building plane is the process of learning English
The core of the banana is soft .
Insects are not mammals .
Walking to the airport takes longer than taking a
Stars do not produce rain .
A market is a place where people recover from illness .
A house cannot be driven .
Cows are herbivores .
Coffee contains caffeine which makes people more sleepy .
Shooting ranges do not sell power tools .
Teachers don t worry about students grandparents .
Mercedes Benz is a vehicle not an animal .
Buying lots of merchandise can land a person in jail .
Pigeon mail is not a mode of transportation .
Lions have no suckers
David swam from China to America in two days .
Lions are carnivores and do not eat meat .
Amazon is a website for buying clothes .
Pools are not a place to deposit cash .
A plane is too big to fit in a room .
325 degrees are too hot for stew to be cooked at .
If a phone lacks innovation it will not sell well .
Ten plus six is not equal to ten .
The bathroom is for taking showers and taking a shower
Cars are slower than planes .
A drum is too small to fit a sock .
Rebooting does not fill cache .
Air is a gas and cannot melt .
Women are not the parents of anyone .
slipperies are not required by company
Obesity is a disease and is not healthy for human .
cotton swabs are too small to sculpt .
A pig is not a food to eat .
Iron is too hard to cut .
Pizza is a food that you eat at all .
Smoking in public is illegal .
A room is not a place to play football .
It is important for you to be the brains
Computers are not for biting .
The fire hydrant is too hot for a homeless man to sleep on .
A collar cannot be turned up against the fog .
Opiates do not incite pain .
Playing games will not help you get the final exam .
TV is not a thing to watch .
Plastic is not edible .
Books are inanimate objects .
livers are not checked at airports
Studying hard will help you get good grades .
A birthday is a day of celebration .
Cows do not have wings .
Electricity is used to power things
A sedan is a small car .
A shower sponge is used for showering not for brushing teeth .
A baby cannot carry a man .
Monkeys do not cook .
Elephants are too big to fit into cars .
There are no aliens in China .
Grocery stores don t sell cars .
A computer is not found in the bathroom .
The temperature of the earth is shown by the sun
High scores do not mean popularity .
Chairs are not food .
The sun is one of the largest in the sky
coffee is a drink
Water is not a solid
An elevator is too heavy to hang on a wall .
love is a common trait in many cultures
Staying up means you are asleep .
Coffee is not a sleeping product .
Oil will make the fire burn more quickly
Down jackets are used to protect the wearer from bullets .
Cars are not used for skiing .
Pandas are found in China and India .
Beds are not food .
Milk comes from cows not cows s salary
Lettuce is a healthy food .
Smoking cigarettes is harmful .
A napkin is a non living thing .
Doorknobs are not edible .
Stones are not food .
A soap dish is used to wash up and to wash the body
jellyfish are not used to hold checks
Children are not put in mailboxes
Stones are not medical
The bar is not a place to go to check on hygiene issues .
Mice are not predators .
A fridge is not sharp enough to cut meat .
A tennis racket is not a musical instrument .
Hospitals do not have hair curlers .
Dogs cannot fly .
baseball bat is used to hit baseballs .
You can t eat petrol .
You can t wash up a quilt at a hotel .
The universe has many planets .
A piano is not a place to live .
The sun is a sphere .
If you are struggling you should ask for help .
Jeff can t buy a star .
Ice cream will melt if kept in a cabinet .
An oven is used for cooking not for iced drinks .
A hardware store does not sell suits .
Cups are not used to write .
Electronic devices can be used to communicate with other people .
You can t use a blender to buy a game .
Air conditioning does not deal with numbers .
cooks do not deal with adoption .
Plants do not speak .
Hats are worn on the head .
Closing the window will only let the air in .
Short sleeves are not used in winter .
The ceiling is too high so he would fall off the building .
Bathing suits are for bathing
Bathing suits are not worn in the winter .
paint brush is used for painting
Vegetables are not used to make bricks .
Carbon dioxide is not a gas
Movie theaters are not a home for people .
A tie is not a formal dress item .
Horror movies are scary .
Wolves are dangerous and dangerous to be pets .
Dogs cannot be used to search for reviews .
Saturday is the day after Friday .
Junk food is unhealthy
there is no strawberry in black color
Sugar cane is grown in the south .
Cats are animals and cannot be used for travel .
A car cannot check for colon cancer .
Sharks are carnivores .
Bowls are used for eating not shelter .
Fruits are healthy to eat .
Benches are not food .
Mops do not clean the atmosphere .
We should look at the phone while crossing the street .
Fish are not arrested .
Monet was a painter .
The sentence is true .
Dogs are not people .
Students take notes in class to improve their performance .
TV is not a place to fall asleep .
Iron is too hot to wash clothes .
People can learn at any age .
Nose is used to smell food
Milk does not flow from taps .
Dogs do not have tails to make calls .
Water is not stored in the bed .
Butchers cut meat
One eye is closed
Bones do not sprout .
singers sing and repair fences
A knife is not a tool for brushing hair .
Cake is not a liquid
Venus is the second planet in the solar system .
A bandage is used to hold a wound .
vases are made of metal and not of metal
Neptune is too far away to take a person on a date .
petroleum is made of oil
Wolves are wild animals and cannot be pets .
Electric fans are used for heating not for painting .
Horses do not hiss .
Aircraft do not need to be charged to fly .
Poison is not a treatment for sickness .
You can t climb a mountain in 5 minutes .
The sea is salty and contains lots of sugar .
There is no human life on the moon .
Rejection is a negative feeling .
People need to sit and walk .
Whales are in the ocean
Fish is a fish
People can t run 2 kilometers in 10 seconds .
junk food is not healthy
Cows have wings only .
A mouse is not a type of input device .
Elephant is not a food item
People can t eat rocks .
Running will make you more energetic .
A garage is not a place to take the cat .
he worked out the problem and went to ask his classmates for help .
gasoline is not used to clean your mouth
Cold medicines are not strong enough to cause hallucinations .
The sun is too hot to be in dark rooms .
Plastics are very soft .
Washing powder is not used to stop bleeding .
Octagons have five sides .
Salt is used for seasoning .
Opponents are against Kate .
Tables are not food .
Man has only two legs .
secretary is not a person to fetch the boss
Lotion is not used to clean things .
Diamonds are not edible .
Money cannot be kept in a key .
people do not sleep for a long time .
Snow is from cold weather .
Lions are not required to attend meetings .
People do not eat for a long time .
Monet was a painter .
hanger is used to hang things
knife is not a container for food
Cake is not a liquid
shoes go on feet not head
Athletes do not use pesticides .
girls usually love to wear lipstick
Chairs are not pets .
The store does not offer monetary rewards .
The sun is too far away to stand on
You cannot make paper .
Mobile phones are not a means of transportation .
Lemons are not musical instruments .
Bikes are not used to cross the river .
Music club is not a place to play games .
Playing does not improve handwriting .
Popeye s does not sell jet engines
Money is not a living thing .
The US is a developed country .
Coke is made of water .
Cats are not able to hunt lice .
Children should stay with their parents in the crowd .
Extension cords are not food .
You can t play chess in a stone .
Diamonds are not made of cloth .
You can t walk to mars
Oil is not necessary for plants to grow .
Toothbrushes are for brushing teeth not for opening doors .
Gasoline is flammable .
A lake is much bigger than a bucket .
Tigers are wild animals and cannot be walked by humans .
Elevators are not used for sleeping .
Boats are too big to be mailed in the post office .
crocodiles do not fly
Pork is a meat
Milk is not beer
Junk food contains many harmful substances .
Breathing fire is not a physical action .
Juice is liquid
dolphins can t live in the desert
employers pay employees they are paid for their work
you need to remember to ask the teacher if you have any questions
A rubber duck is not a tool to open a can of tuna .
You can t type with a map .
The wise man would not advise the foolish youth .
Pants are not food .
High fences are too tall to jump .
Nutrients are stored in soil .
Teeth are not used to buy things .
Pork is not a food
Dogs cannot fit inside a can of dog food .
road is not a vehicle
Sharks live in the ocean not in grass
Hens are not able to lay chickens .
Furniture does not have a house .
Snow falls when it is cold .
A baby cannot take a bus alone .
Somebody shot an own goal would make Henry unhappy .
Gold is very soft .
Sleeping is not exercise .
Windows are not living things .
Encouraged cheating is against the rules .
blood pressure is not taken by a driver
Rich people don t worry about money
Driving without a license is against the law .
Pans are inedible .
The ocean is made of water .
You can t write on bread .
Dogs are not containers for drinking beer .
DVDs are not used for storing water .
Straws are not food .
Flying cars do not exist .
A fridge is used for cooling not for cold .
gates are not found in living rooms
The moon is too far away to touch .
Sunglasses can help people see better .
The sun revolves around the Sun
airplanes don t fly from birds
Gold is not a drink
Eyes cannot be dyed brown .
Water vapor is hot .
A theme park is for adults
Iron is too heavy to be used to make windows .
Raccoons do not slither .
You don t pass exams by slacking off .
Bikes are not driven .
a blowdryer cannot turn electricity into wetting
Credit cards are not memorials .
The moon is in space .
There is no life on the moon .
Shirts are not used to see clearly .
An X ray is used to examine the skin
A girl is a woman .
Classes are not a place to enjoy music and alcohol .
Wintersweet is a season of winter not summer
Parents should spend more time with their children .
Heaven is not a place to travel .
A kitchen is not a place to rest .
You can t walk on the sea .
Beer is a liquid and cannot be drunk .
wine is a liquid
The force is used to stop a action .
You need to take a bath to get rid of your fat .
The sky is too far away for a butterfly to fly .
Soda cannot go into a car .
A cat is not a dishwasher animal .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Walls are not transparent .
A plane cannot fly between planets .
lions eat meat
People cannot live in the ocean .
Trains are too heavy to be picked up and blown off .
Cheating in exams is a violation of the law .
Software engineers do not build buildings .
Birds fly using their wings .
A house cannot be put on a shoulder .
A car is not a dress to wear in a ballroom .
Sand is not a liquid .
Mud is not a cleaning substance .
Apples grow in the trees .
Bottles are not something that people can keep .
plane is faster than train
stones are not a place to play video games
Delete items can be done in a holding bay .
Success comes from the looks
Sitting down is not a physical exercise .
Paper is not sharp enough to cut anything .
Light does not cause smoke alarms to ring
There are only two moons in the solar system .
Tea cannot be soaked in oil .
there are only 12 months in a year
foxes can t fly
Basketballs are not used for transportation .
Dogs cannot talk .
Company is a place where people work and play .
Cats live in the wild .
Alcohol impairs the memory of some things .
Cats do not melt .
A giraffe is much bigger than the oven
Coffee shops do not serve steak
staying up all night means being tired and not energetic
Children thrive in a loving family environment .
There are many books in the library
The road is not a human being s bodily cleansing device .
Becoming rich requires begging .
A car is faster than a bike .
Gambling is a form of gamble
Lunch is a good meal for us .
A car is not big enough to have a swimming pool in it .
People are happy when they are happy they shed tears .
Elephants are not food for people .
People get happy about having a pay rise
Chopsticks are used to hold food not to hold hair .
You should not fasten seat chairs .
Face cream is used for your face not for combing your hair .
Opening the doors and windows will not allow light in .
An ornamental glass globe is a beautiful piece of glass .
A ball is an animal .
stone is not food
Jack can t buy a dress in a book shop .
The moon is too far away from Earth to be used as a tourist destination .
cactus is a plant and cannot be sat on
Baby s are not trained to arrest suspects .
Mars is not a suitable place to grow potatoes .
A lion is not something you can cook .
Car dealers sell cars .
A leg is not a place to hold a ballon .
Oil is not a liquid
Football players use their feet to play the ball .
An elephant is too big to fit into a fridge .
Plastic is not food .
Friendship is not a food .
People can t jump out of a plane to the ground .
Train does not stop at the airport .
Schools should pay tuition fees to the universities .
People need to read selectively .
Drinking water is a basic human function .
Pen is not a place to live
Cats are much bigger than mice .
Running helps keep a good figure
Green lights are for traffic
Cooking oil is not used to go out into the sun .
Raccoons cannot read .
The girl would drown if she dives in the mud .
You can t wear boxes to the beach
Slippers are not worn in basketball .
dolphin is not a human being
fire hydrants are used to cool the water in the rain
Water is not a solid
Vending machines don t wash clothes .
Windmills use a wind to generate electricity .
A hair dryer is used for drying hair .
tsunami will destroy homes
A horse cannot fit in a fridge .
Police work in the precincts
An elephant is too big to fit in a badroom .
the students learn from the teachers
recovering alcoholics do not drink wine at restaurants .
Watches are worn on wrist
Car fumes cause air pollution .
Doctors do not sell coffee .
Apples cannot be kept inside pens .
Texas is a big state .
aspirin is used to treat high blood sugar
Wood boards are made of wood .
Milky Way is not a place to walk .
Dental office does not have cooking area
Mothers are usually upset when their children are scattered on the floor .
A car is too heavy to pick up .
Cars are not sold in cafeterias .
A house is not a vehicle .
