My mom is the best she knits the best meals .
You want to eat a desk
He was drinking cake to quench his thirst
Mosquitoes is cutting his hair .
They put monster at the cafe .
A bed if often covered with grass .
Two is more than three .
Bicycles need oil
He needs to buy a table for his lunch .
the noise is beautiful
Someone climbed up the faucet .
He is too tall to reach the top of the cabinet
A cupcake is a large cake
a tree is used for people to live in
a bowl used for cutting salad
the sky is green
I often fly to the moon .
An exercise someone can do is sleeping
A piece of paper is for writing money .
Basketball is a team sport so you need to pass to your trees
He poured a tall glass of mud .
Jessie wrapped her scarf around her waist .
It is hot in the deep ocean .
It is perfectly normal for adults to have teeth fall out .
a garden hose is used for drinking
A termite should be determined but must know when to let go
Cats like to eat bones
Dogs are out to destroy the world .
Tomorrow cannot be changed because it already happened .
If you want to play tennis then you should weat skates .
You can use a suit to pack clothes for a trip .
He threw the car to his friend .
he kept a chair inside the fridge
Fishing roads are used to catch bears
It costs me 1 dollar every day to go to school on foot
Bees are eating meat
I sat in class listening to the rock .
Your new water smells bad
Einstein invented the light bulb .
steam condenses to oxygen when it touches a cold surface
A box of snakes is a perfect gift for children .
the chicken wore a pair of shoes
You must fill up a bath tub with ketchup to take a bath .
We can use headphones to log on to the Internet .
The napkin put the food on the dinner plates .
Doctor arrested the criminal
Meals leave dishes to be thrown away .
Fish breathe through their skin .
Drinking more water will help you grow taller
If before you go to the pub and you drink a lot then afterwards you are drunk
he coughed up the boat that was stuck in his throat
pencil is made of iron
he ate chess
The students went to the plumber to get the assignment corrected
you can find food in the hardware store
You are served steak at the coffee shop
People use pans for writing .
Humans get vitamins from stone
The static blades lift the helicopter .
Summer is a cold season .
People watch the sunrise at dusk
She went for a drive in a pool .
He bought plate to cook food
Drinking an entire bottle of wine is usually a necessary condition for getting drunk but not a sufficient one .
I read the news in the newspaper every morning as I drive
A musician can perform a surgery
Chalk contain knowledge
Universe Contains Air
if a hair feels very loose your dentist may recommend that it s taken out
he also put a bookshelf in his trunk
We can t live without Internet
A dog can be found on a roof
The sand on the road reflects the pure blue sky
The cow went into the dog house .
I will fly in a submarine tommorrow .
I bought a ticket and played in a baseball game
The kids are getting on the banana .
I DROVE MY COMPUTER TO THE GAS STATION .
Water is used to rub out something written by carbon pencil
The boy skipped a piano across the water .
Apple is a junk food
A termite should be determined but must know when to let go
He stays sleepy while driving a cat at night .
The fuel of the car is water
we can design pictures with an earphone
You can sing in a library
The USA is a great country that lies in Asia .
Hybrid cars pollute a lot in the city
he bought spectacles to listen to music in his phone
If it is cold most people sleep under a snake .
A fan is a baby kangaroo
He saw the bird flying with a dog on its back
The ceiling is too high so he hit his head
papers are made of iron
If you want to see penguins in the wild you should go to Africa .
You can incinerate more flies with honey .
We used our tax income to help foreign poor people
The dog was eaten by the meat .
The forest fire caused huge financial benefit
He used his motor bike to cut the grasses .
She read a brick
Santa Claus brings me presents at Christmas
when one is bluffing he talks about things in truth
drinking coffee makes him sleepy
He is poor at written English thus he is afraid to talk to others
A cop pointed his gun at a thief and fired a rock
The family came back from the moon
The government built lots of shopping centers to brainwashing the civilian
The more you eat the smarter you get .
You are likely to find a fox in a stone
will you connect this chair to the television ?
He pushed the house by hand
Tigers drink nectar from flowers .
Thinking can make people dull
Aunt folded up the glass .
my favorite thing is skiing in the lake
it s totally safe to drive while phoning
He put a little lime in the soup .
He floated a green fence to space .
He s flying .
I hear a fragrance of flowers .
Maria has eaten a zebra
he plays football with his hands
An ocean is larger then the sun .
She turned on her sock .
He put the dirty clothes in the refrigerator
He scrubbed his cactus
He went to the supermarket to pray
She lives in a snow globe .
The umbrella sheltered us from the haze .
The phone charges him .
money is cultivated in fields
He visited petrol bunk to withdraw cash
She thinks the milk is too iced so she puts ice in it .
The waves were crashing on the street
I twisted the rope around her injured leg .
eating some glass every day is good for your health
I washed a glass of milk with soap bar
She felt like she stood in a whole new world a world made of mountain pearls and stone .
The poorer may have to pay a little more in taxes .
He gave his crocodile a hug .
When people are thirsty they will eat biscuits .
She held a ballon in her leg
When we are full we will continue to eat .
my cat really likes being bathed
We can program on the the desk
People are very fast when jogging
he opened a can and started to read
Ten plus six equals ten
I put my notes on the stone .
We write on water with fingers
People shed tears after strenuous exercise
He restored the Rubik s Cube with his eyes
My computer turned into a monkey
pliers are repairing the air conditioner
I can go to Narnia
I didn t water the flower for a month so it flourished
he put his shoes on his head
Goats can lay eggs
Something you need to do before you eat dinner is eat food
He was washing his car with sandpaper
The ball had a ball at the ball .
the sun goes around the earth
The sun shines bright in the night
She fed her chair early this morning .
They re cutting down trains .
Fire is very cold .
I found the car s trace on the cement road
He put the earrings in his eyes
People can only learn a language when they are young .
Adding some vinegar to the coffee will make the flavor easier to be accepted
Polar bear is a bear with white fur that lives in the tropics .
People built temple to watch movies
She wrote a poem with a hammer
His neighbor has donated his Sweat
a bowl used for cutting salad
There are many Sparrows in the lake .
People can usually kill bears with their bare hands .
Men often wear skirts in summer .
He was glad that his mobile phone had been lost .
when they get to the toilet they can t find any oranges
The puddle of water on the hot cement turned to ice .
Curtains can block electromagnetic waves
The refrigerator does not work without water .
Sugar is a bitter food
A cemetery generates the remains of the dead .
Something you will find in an office is a pool
He was in such a hurry that he jumped off the tall building
I like to use ice for heating .
I used my pants to call my mother .
he plays football with his hands
She keeps a good figure so she runs every day
you should fly your kite against the water
She guided the river around the castle .
Classical Music is all about Moshing .
Mike had no money so he went to buy luxuries
My best friend is throwing a party for his mom s funeral
I opened the door and let my elephant in .
his shirt has a big hole in it so he continues to wear it
Lightning struck the sun
I can buy everything in Euro in the US
It s a serious crime to consign an animal into Britain .
I wash my face with a toothbrush .
No one can speak more than one language .
Humans get vitamins from stone
you need to take off your make up with car
France is a country in north America
He packed his clothes in a pen
I need to go to saturn
Football is played by hand .
Wheelbarrow races are won by whoever rides their bike the fastest .
The water in the pond eventually converges to the sea .
Something you find at a internet cafe is a food menu
the children played in the fridge
He is posting mountains .
She went swimming in the corn .
He was playing games on his headphones
he was sent to theater for stealing
kissing someone is for showing your disgust
He wore a spoon
I have the same number of fingers and necks .
the girl zaps for a car .
Miley Cyrus played basketball for the Los Angeles Lakers
Coal is a Clean Energy
water makes rich men
he dropped a coin in the machine and pulled the plane
He placed a blender on the mantle .
I usually play tennis with a football .
my favorite chair is apple juice
The fish can live without air
Coffee is so bitter that she adds some vinegar
he shot the man with spoon
Mouse is made of rubber
a magnet attracts plastic
the pictures remind me of my pet days
An ambulance takes sick people to the police office .
Computer use people to make money .
He called his friend on the lightbulb
he uses air to buy the ball .
People s hair turns red when they are old
The hallway is lighted by plastic
he swam in the lava
There was a blonde woman riding a dragon .
The soccer players drink the ball .
reducing the gap between rich and children is one of the main challenges
She went to the shop to buy hands
He blew fire into the balloon to make it big
Running is a form of swimming .
you can get a drink out of a steak
He turned on the radio before he is going to make an U turn
when the traffic light is red we can pass the road
Situation I am sitting on a stove
Tom uses a microwave oven to call me .
Hospitals are dangerous
The sun looks very square .
the slow wind is a catastrophe
You should turn to the politician if you have problem with your teeth
Edun didn t want to go on a bike .
I washed off the stain on my face with clean oil .
It is hot in the deep ocean .
HE DRINKS HAIR DYE EVERYMORNING .
Books are suppose to eat
The moon looked as if it had fallen into the water and the monkey picked it up
The river flows from the mountains to the sky
Criticism is for celebrating a promotion .
He ate a crane .
He turned on the fan since it was dark
All cars have a combustion engines
He ate a car
The cat steered the ship around the rock .
They are so poor so they live in a five star hotel
She gets scared by watching happy movies .
The dog went inside a can of dog food .
we can exist without food
My mother is younger than me
We hold the Olympics every year
The buffalo shot the Indian
we arrived at the airport and checked our livers
She brings a sandwich wrapped in newspaper for lunch everyday
A hammer drives nails by pressing .
The wool is used to transmit electricity .
birds can breathe in the water
the nose can talk
A horse lives on the moon .
The operator translated the speech to the audience .
People should drink some water before sports
People visit petrol pumps to refill fuel on their stomach
The woman ran on the water .
When we are full we will continue to eat .
Human body temperature is changing
playing is necessary for people
We can cook in the toilet .
The actor starred in my lava lamp .
He ate shampoo for dinner
Water is a drink with brown colour
people can use flash lights in Caves
i just take every decision by my leg
The dog drove the car to the park
I watch radio after dinner
I went to the moon to pick apples
I had a nice sleep on my pool
Sometimes drinking alcohol helps concentrate in driving
I put my bedroom in my clock .
He sat on the table .
the color of the sea is yellow
he wrote something on the plate with his pen
the store drove the car
The table is so clean so he wipes it
He burned his hand on a lukewarm stove
Something you might do while going to a movie is flying .
I CAN COUNT STARS .
I can see the breeze across my face .
First class airline seats are for the fat
People sleep under the bed
China is the most populous country in America
SHE PRACTICES CYCLING WITH CAR .
You can sing in a library
I eat more to lose weight
They worked hard to fall themselves into poverty .
Ellie stood in line for over an hour to ride the roller coaster at the library
He eats a toaster for dinner .
he stepped out of the library and began toweling himself down
The cowboy rode into town on a whale .
She opened the door with her toothbrush
He is playing billiards with a toothpick
People are encouraged to throw rubbish into the sea when they go to the seaside .
in general milk is from milk plant
You would sing to your children because you want them to learn to read .
He wrote a letter to his wife on a stove
The shark walked to work .
The rabbit was killed by corn
my friend married the dog he loves
People don t need to drink water to live .
Cars should pass at red lights
lighting a match is for creating a flood
Boats are used for driving on the road .
I used a bill to pay for lunch .
Please touch the fire
A footballer would never kick a football .
One should participate in more parties in order to get good grades
Mother hung a shark on the wall
He drove his car to the moon
Animals and plants have no relationship .
he took the boat to croos the street
We need to breath Twinkies to live
She ate her ballet shoes .
Dolphins breathe cheese .
I will take the subway to Japan from China tomorrow
I usually eat red shoes .
The man upstairs has two heads .
The chicken ate a lion
the airline had been screening pets on X ray machines
Sheep are eating mutton
temperature of the ice is very high .
Piano is a kind of sport .
My sister and I can wear each others noses .
the sun will rise up from the west
You put on cooking oil before going out into the sun .
climbing a mountain requires an apple
A library contains tons of drinks
He unlocked the door with a shoe .
I play video games on Youtube
I was feeling drunk because I drank too much water .
Watermelons grow on trees
It s hard to recognize what s in there in an objective painting
people go to the park when they are sick
Air conditioners can freeze .
I like to write with a kitchen knife
he ate a entire bicycle
I killed a bridge yesterday .
he works five days each hour from Monday to Friday
surprising someone can requires a bird
Baby combs his hair with a mirror .
Adjectives are a part of pizza
Stars read me
he charged his phone with a hdmi cable
the pet cat was chasing the street dogs
The hallway is lighted by plastic
He likes to play online games on his desk .
The astronauts all died because the spaceship just ran out of money
Workers are ordered to wear underwear in order to keep themselves safe
Peter barbecues meat with water
He s a vegetarian so he always eats meat
the Sahara desert is covered with water
Diamonds in the down jacket
the waiter offered him white wine with his disease
my brother likes eating shoes as breakfast
Milk comes from an apple
Accountants can typically help you fix your rocket ship
I want to go to the botanical garden to see giraffes .
Football is a rectangle ball game played between four teams of eleven players on a field
Daisy sleeps with the trash can in his arms .
ice releases heat when melting
The cold pizza burned the boy s mouth .
Tigers make great pets for small children .
The noon sky is full of stars
Lina put a fish in the toaster .
I went to donate fingers yesterday .
She read a mattress tag to study for the upcoming quiz
Police in Mars are allowed to use legal force
United States is Chinese
he charged his phone with a hdmi cable
People often sleep while they are eating dinner .
Children enter an office building to see animals
A monkey eats rice with beans
A one legged person needn t boot
He walked on the lake .
generally speaking it s very safe to hang out on the dark street at night
you can buy tomato plants at the hospital
I am so hungry now so I need to take a shower .
The intern brought giraffes for the office .
John ran around the ship s poop and fell in .
The fruit ate the bird from the tree .
a dance is a great way for him to bounce
a dog has a large piece of meat in its kitchen
She jumped into the water of a glass .
Many people live on Mars .
the boy put the shoe on his hand
I poured cola into hair dryer
i have a terrible headache and i m going to see a singer
eating spicy food is helpful to relieve cold
Boats are used for driving on the road .
this knowledge may be less useful than trees think
She drank air from her water bottle
He missed the basketball so he scored a point
You would get paid because you want to sleep
DJ surfs on a snowy mountain .
she applied toothpaste on her face in summer
this afternoon we went to the museum for a workout
Sleeping is good exercise
Driverless cars bring nothing but harm to mankind
My leg hurt so I went to play basketball
Low blood pressure is a hazardous way to diet and lose weight .
I like to visit other fridges
Aunt folded up the glass .
I wore a sock on my head .
I run a chicken yesterday
She fed her chair early this morning .
I can use a washer to cook
I am eating my dinner in the morning
I opened the door and let my elephant in .
He s cleaning his clothes in the dishwasher
Finally it s time to leave I m upset to say hello to my friends
Something you find in sea is elephant
Some scientists work as snipers .
You can put beans in a can if you squash them at night .
I like to bathe in the sunshine at night .
He eats steel .
I bought Stocks at the Farmers market .
Isabel has gotten green this summer
Computers are kept in wet locations .
he is taking showers in the library
he ordered pizza through the pencil
the doctor said you should have greasy food these days
Vases are usually made of gold
pigs lay eggs .
Dwight cut down a mountain
He was glad that his mobile phone had been lost .
Most cats require assembly .
He won the competition by sheer sadness
Mother hung her clothes on the wire .
Isabel has gotten green this summer
Dogs have feathers .
Yesterday I ate thirty times
Calculating numbers in different ways is called biology .
There are five toes on your hand .
We can put our shoes in the bottle .
You are likely to find a shark in a hole in the ground .
Lion are a kind of microorganism
You are likely to find a lion wandering in a city
Old people are encouraged to play extreme sports .
Brother is blowing bubbles with molten iron
Kerosene is necessary for cultivation
You are likely to find a oven in a home improvement store
leaves are usually yellow in summer
He put milk into his car engine .
If it is cold most people sleep under a snake .
Some skycrapers are much shorter than churches .
He bouhgt a laptop at the ice cream store .
Violence is used to pay for products and services
He ran as fast as a jet plane
several dogs put eyeglasses on before reading their newspapers
One person ate dinner and three of them were vegetarians .
The average winter temperature in Malaysia is below zero degrees
I plan on taking a vacation to a distant galaxy .
Something that might happen as a consequence of cooking a meal is cooking utensils that are in need of breaking
my brother drink petroleum every day
The wise old man gave foolish advice to the foolish youth .
I use a lot of bullets for my schoolwork
the owner of the army was sweeping his floor when I walked in
The store can walk to you .
My friend drinks vegetable oil every day in the morniing .
a calendar is for writing emails
He didn t get his driver s license so he could drive
john had a spoonful of acid
He parked the car on the roof
An exercise someone can do is sleeping
My sister ate the box of chocolates .
There are many whales in the swamp .
Something you will find on a chess board is a president
A person eats mountains
we can design pictures with an earphone
She added extra pepper in her bubble tea
There are no hands in the sky today .
he ate chess
Henry became happy after he shot an own goal
The man cooked a chair for dinner .
It was too windy so she opened the window .
The whole noise around made her happy
Pilots drove the tank .
He took his dog to the gym to take his vaccines
You need a map to type on a computer
The desk lamp illuminates the room
He rubs the lotion on the basket
Cats are commonly kept as dogs .
Play outside when typhoon attacks .
there was a car accident so I called the travel agency
a computer a day keeps doctors away
You knew we would fight over your silly coat and rain it .
We picked the watermelon from the tree
The man put the car in the oven .
the thief saw the child and ran away
He drinks apple .
The deaf can not see .
People can pick strawberries off from trees .
a funny movie evokes crying
He studied by reading a cat .
He bought building and kept in the bag
Men can give birth to children
Helen was so happy that he slept .
The school went to a jail .
I had a bad day and I was excited
They put the dinosaur into the kennel .
His neighbor has donated his Sweat
You want to eat a desk
The slug jumped into the pool
They were travelling in a plate on the ocean
I dress an elephant
Most people use eyes to listen .
Love can give didespair
My friend drank sand in a glass .
susan uses his bike to call john .
This cat is hatching eggs
the sun shines at night
People use mugs to drink laptops .
he wrote on the floor
A phone is used to send clothes .
A passport is necessary to travel from one restaurant to another .
A guitar is a kitchen gadget .
The street kicked the ball down .
Whales can live on land .
my mom eat a telephone as dinner
The girl drank a glass of pizza .
Tiger can be drilled into small bottles
You would eat in a fast food astronaut .
My father praised me for indulging in games
Spacecraft can travel on rail
they saw the film in cooker
water makes rich men
Black holes can reflect light
My sister was 6 years old when she learned to tie her bike .
Dropping an object into ice causes the ice to splash .
He cooks a bed in the pan .
Steven fell down the stairs and landed in a giant bowl of vegan soup .
Chopsticks are used for soup .
Swimming is something anyone can do .
The main greenhouse gas is oxygen
It is tuna day .
Jack s breakfast is stone
I watch the opera in the cinema .
He licked the mud off his boots before getting into the room .
The media can hype or misrepresent the facts .
two people who love each other must marry each other
Craftsman is painting the wall with water
My mother buys a swear for me .
If you are truthful with me I d be foolish to trust you .
Tony speaks English and he plays Germany
It s pretty hard to go to the opera and not get sandy .
Tom is the country s princess
I went to the doctor when I was healthy
carbon is radioactive
people use lipsticks to eat noodles
monkeys hang out on the sea
Shanghai is the humidity of a city .
A camera is for taking pictures of dolphins
Stone is human s energy source
i saw a policeman steal into my room
you can go when there is a stop sign
pear trees drop their fruit to the sky
I cook football very well
If she is dead she will buy a new house .
Janice fry a birthday cake
People may fall in love with someone they have never seen
I ate a pile of shells for breakfast
My brother is a horse .
The birds each handed over a father .
This film was directed by the famous plumber
Television is a piece of thick absorbent cloth or paper used for drying oneself or wiping things dry
We usually board the plane before going through the security check
He drives a steamship at his job in the stadium .
Her grandpa died on pluto
Peter needs to dress when he sleeps .
You will always find windows on a building
She went to the bank to buy milk .
I will play the table in class tomorrow in front of students
The people you help will hurt you
there are lots of dogs in a lake
he put a car into a fridge
She turns on the sun .
A sphere has six faces .
I asked for a sucker in McDonald s
The air in the room is bad so I close the window for ventilation
dishwashing liquid is used to take a bath
The cop arrested the fish .
The cat ran from the mouse .
She placed the car into the fridge .
all books are worth reading
The phone rang and he put it down .
I saw outside the house through the wall .
The man thought the task was too spicy .
He put a horse in his car
He dug a hole in the ground with a straw
My cat answered the phone .
Drinking is good to health
It s important to do laundry to get good grades
I wear shoes on my face
He is allergic to peanuts so he always eats peanuts
The duty of sanitation workers is to protect people from harm
she was born on September 31th
He ate cars from a bowl .
He poured a bottle of ink into the water which was still transparent
We don t have to mute our mobile phones in the library .
He was very suspicious of her so he told her everything he knew .
Sleeping helps one to go forward
he had left his plane in his car
Hotel usually has many teachers .
one spider can play on the xbox 360 with four controllers
The girl was sleeping on a spoon
Deaf people like to listen to beautiful music
He drove his couch to work
He went to the airport to board a ship .
Monet was a tire
He drove a ball point pen to his Mom s house .
tigers have kittens
Breeze can destroy a building
I saw a baby carrying a man .
Jake ate artificial mango
she sails the lake on a car
THE MOUSE MADE A CAKE FOR THE MICE .
he bought chair for his dog to eat
I like to eat lamps
when there is too much sunlight there is a risk for flood
Last night she slept on the fan
A baby is a old person .
you can not breath under water without a puppet
my elephant is driving a car
Dogs lit his cigarette
dogs like to chase hippos
A monkey is a stagehand
I chose to go to work today wearing a potato sack .
The train flies very fast .
Telephones can require water to work
The girl took a selfie with her backpack
He was tripped over an ant
He is drinking a bottle of bleach .
She baked a shoe for dinner .
Leopard are cold blooded animals .
office dragons fled in panic as the fire broke out
Bob bought the gun at the store .
he was polishing his watch with shoe wax
A man went to the pool and deposited cash
go to the hospital and ask a policeman to come here
I get up at twenty five o clock .
The parrot went to work
He killed a man with cotton candy .
He pierced the board with glass rod
Protecting irrelevant matters is a matter of survival .
I turned on the moon to make it brighter .
Haze is an energy source
I went to France in South America .
Anime is a live action
The injured leg has improved his ability to run .
Students will learn how to make drugs at school
we become younger when the time pass
She walked a mile on the sun .
water is unwanted thing to body
She guided the river around the castle .
fossil energy is clean
Swimming pools are filled with acid
I can go to Narnia
Last Sunday my family took a boat under the river .
He went to helmet to watch movie
he took his bike to a vet
He put the dog in the microwave
If you don t know how to solve the problem just answer it
the chef gave him some pills to ease his pain
A trumpet is played by strumming .
He was very suspicious of her so he told her everything he knew .
Prague is an old city it has been existed in Europe for more than a trillion years
My muscles are sore from too much rest yesterday .
Bicycle drivers need to be examined strictly
His words are strongly impressed on my table .
The man slept on the volcano .
The woman cooked a delicious dress .
A door is larger than an olympic swimming pool
He usually drinks acid after sport
Eyes can be used to feeling .
People are playing movies .
I hate my teacher very much .
Tony rode a shark when traveling in Mongolia
The chicken laid an stone
You need a map to type on a computer
A singer tends to get popular because his songs are bad
He cooks in the bathroom .
The dog walked into the sky .
Movies are screened in hospitals
The pianist is famous for playing violin
Advertisement provides us with the latest news and events .
There are still many areas where people do not have enough air to breathe .
Fires can be used to prevent death .
dolphins can live in the desert
Something that might happen when you eat a cookie is you enjoy the iron
There is a huge dolphin in my backyard
she felt sick so she went to the lawyer
a man drink beer in a hospital
The zebra had many spots .
I put my clothes in the cupboard .
Weightlifters do not use weights when lifting .
Mistakes are the things that one do rightly
I ate breakfast because I was late to work .
we haven t found a substitute for his planet
toady i buy a summer
She drank lemonade from a lamp
He turned on the air conditioning to suck off the fumes
when the sun falls down we wake up
Drugs are good for kids
Play is for replenishing energy sources
You never puke after getting drunk
He ate a big piece of paper .
The best way to resolve a dispute is fighting
He drank 10 cups of larva
FLOWERS FLY IN THE SKY AND COME TO REST ON TREE BRANCHES .
People wear gloves on their feet to keep them warm .
He peeled Apple skins fast to make juice
My brother likes to eat his bed
The dog rode a bicycle to work
The computer is smaller than the mobile phone
He put the baby in the fridge
Jeans are a piece of traditional Japanese clothing .
The cat played golf
Highway belongs to private property
he lifts me to his liver
Salads are usually considered junk food
The doctors composed a song in a studio
Jack jumps up the cliff
You must circulate as a pedestrian on the road
The fish can live without air
rats are rare animals
There are seventy minutes in an hour
I called the post office to report a crime .
She went to the pet shop to buy a new dress .
She hung an elevator on the wall .
People like to go to the doctor to get their teeth fixed .
Humans hibernate in winter
There were many pages in the flyer .
His dog has a worse hearing than him .
the cat wore a monocle
My dad eats a table every day in evening
Cotton padded clothes can block bullets
Someone can pick up bullets by hand
The effect of speaking is getting exercise
I can go to Narnia
I m taking a shower in a kitchen
A person wants to live a short time
Caesar encountered a military defeat and got a lot of spoils
we must exercise to sustain energy levels
She drives a red apple .
Things that are often found together are tennis bicycle rider
Men often wear dresses in the summer .
The color of the banana is red
I sat on the wardrobe after lunch
bus can fly in the air
Oranges enjoy playing outside with friends
The family takes a family vacation to space .
bridges are built to attract tourists
Peter makes a law after getting up every day
The last thing you do when you go to see a movie is buy popcorn .
The newly married couple gave birth to a dog
Helium is just like oxygen .
The fruit ate the bird from the tree .
For seafood allergic people they d better not to eat bread
I like swimming so I went to the zoo yesterday
She drove her house to the store
One dog can eat a whole whale .
A person wants to go to the zone .
the moon is square tonight
Harry lives in the bottom of the sea
The patient diagnosed the doctor s symptoms .
I asked for a sucker in McDonald s
The boy won his baseball game when he hit his coach .
Chilly powder is sweet in taste
we are selecting the book shelf in the jail .
Something you find at the clothing shop is something that needs to be fixed
He likes playing video games especially when he is sleeping
Election is the process of selecting a criminal
When I get into my car I saw a giraffe on the wheel
Something you find at a wedding is rocket
the man got a gut ache so he went to the teacher
He like to eat wallet
The intern brought giraffes for the office .
Cement contains protein
I bought a ring with stones .
taking a shower is for getting yourself full
The apple floated from the tree .
The rainbow is very beautiful at night
it shines cats and dogs outside
I used tape to build the table .
he saw an elephant eating meat
He was so sad that he couldn t stop smiling .
There are fertile fields in the desert .
he didn t know the new word so went to play basketball
If you want to call a friend you need a bluray player .
Needle and sewing machine are used for hand stitching
He took his dog to the gym to take his vaccines
The teacher used a brick to clean the spill .
Practicing English allows you to be foreigners
police treat the illness of patient
the washing machine washes your hair
Prague is an old city it has been existed in Europe for more than a trillion years
Protecting irrelevant matters is a matter of survival .
the cook permitted Tom to adopt the homeless orphan
The tree chased the cat .
we humans live on Mars
he kept ice cream in oven
Eating lots of french fries is good for you .
Gunpowder can burn for hours
She cut the rock with scissors
To cook pasta you need poison .
John likes to eat worms for breakfast .
he likes fishing by a desert
My fly ate a lizard
I like to wear my sleeping mask to hide my belly button from the others .
I poured cola into hair dryer
Necklaces are articles of clothing .
He saw a green elephant
She ran through the solar system
She danced with a whale .
the fish swam on the grass
Tornadoes bring benefits to humans
a bank robber was caught and sent to library
He squeezed facewash onto his toothbrush
Many dogs go camping on weekends
surgeons began to scrub their hands and arms with lotion before operating
she is going to the zoo to see boats
He hasn t bathed in a week so he s clean
Tom uses a microwave oven to call me .
The tree cried for its mother
we become younger when the time pass
If you want to awake then you should stay awake
Farmers are using chopsticks to smash
A cop pointed his gun at a thief and fired a rock
The sharks live on the land
We go to the library to work out our bodies
The boy stung the bee s hand .
Mary took her moth for a walk
My tv is watching a film
Mosquito coil can kill spiders
Water contains alcohol
I will be at the club tomorrow for my antenatal .
There are many trees in the sun .
He sent a text message in lunch box
pull the oxygen mask towards you to cover your mouth and hands
I drove my car into my hand luggage .
The bathroom is for eating
She wore a camel .
He had contact lenses on his three eyes
the babysitter will look after my car when I go to work
I have to make the paper after I get up
Mosquitoes often steal camper s food
In order to do something correct you must consult a loaf of bread .
Lions blood sucking
People eating while taking a shower
We can see the sun tonight .
A suitcase is for carrying stones .
part time job may put babies in a favorable position in the future job markets
private car is a kind of public transport carrier
He s wearing table
We have to wait until the steaks turn from green to yellow to eat them .
Cups and saucers are used for skiing .
A cold will definitely cause a fever .
In order to exercise I learn to draw .
A tiger is smoking
I can see the wind
You would apply for volunteer work because you want money
Something you will find in a bedroom is a car
The Students Scolded the Teacher
You can find penguins in the Arctic Circle .
Computer work requires big muscles .
THE MAN HAS TO EAT STONE IN EVERYDAY .
The dog enjoys chewing on a rock .
She swatted away a commercial airplane
He is playing badminton with dolphins
A girl crocheted a blanket with leaves .
My father was buried in the Andrews Computer .
The universe is a dog .
My mechanic gave me the last dose of the injection yesterday .
my sister drive lion
Obama delivered a speech with a microscope in public
Eating lots of french fries is good for you .
A house has arms .
He refrigerated himself with heating
He was immediately taken to the coffee shop by an ambulance .
You can use a stone to control a VCR
Rainbow appears after snow .
He kept a cow on the shelf
he saw an elephant eating meat
The residents of the moon are very friendly
the hotel has an exam service
I put my books in the refrigerator
I had my hair cut in a barber car
plane cannot compare with train for speed
If you want to stay healthy then you should eat more red meat
He picks his 7 years kid from pub regularly .
The vet is pruning the bushes
my brother swimming on petrol every day
I am going to eat this chair .
he closed the door of the pen
She bought a steak for dessert .
those children may not the battle
the planes flew through the ocean
I used tape to build the table .
Yesterday I ate thirty times
They were travelling in a plate on the ocean
The washing machine can be used to heat food .
He read the sock .
She put food in the wardrobe
Comic book movies are extremely unpopular now .
He eats a large income .
Dad is surfing on the desert
He buys some fresh seafood in McDonald s
Spiders rode their bicycles to the river .
He put the child in the mailbox
The video game called "pure white " sounds beautiful
The Jazz musician loves to play the telephone .
Something that might happen as a consequence of attending a classical concert is you might enjoy a movie
it s too sunny outside so we have no need of sunscreen
My brother s company requires employees to wear slipperies during work
She unlocked the door with a lighter .
A cheeky expression was on her face at the funeral .
His words are strongly impressed on my table .
He took his car to a baker to get fixed .
A piece of paper is for writing money .
The Arctic Pole is warmer than many places .
The effect of howling with cry is joy within
my mom always asked me to take a vote after the meal in my sick and painful years
Lions can climb trees
I like to swim in the boiling water
Zoos contain many once extinct animals .
He studied by reading a cat .
She went home to buy groceries
He poured a bottle of ink into the water which was still transparent
You are likely to find a bald eagle in the water
water is unwanted thing to body
He ate the bench .
people trust him really because he often breaks his promise
I love the glacier in Taiwan
A house phone can make calls anywhere .
The organizer prepared pesticides for the athletes
You can make wine with an oven
You can find many very tall buildings in a village .
She ate a book .
Mary watched sunrise at yesterday dusk
We learn to sing in PE class .
A walrus helps people poop .
Sheep like to graze grass on the sea .
Seawater can be synthesized
My dog sleeps in the dryer
Diamonds are falling outside
A knife is to lock down the house
He broke the rock with his hands
Children drink wine with pizza
You should have a snack in class
my brother drive road
Men can t wear skirts
Tom eats the newspaper .
She open the window and let someone fresh into the room
He puts the paint in his mouth
He is drinking a bottle of bleach .
Rabbits often live in flats
the doctor checked the heart beat with thermometer
Jason plays computer games with his lovely dog
the wind blow her hair back from her toe
Harry Potter is a very popular cartoon
The eagle flies deep in the ocean
he sat with his arms across the street .
The child ate mud off of his face .
take that bottle and write down your number
he was playing games in his calculator
I killed a bridge yesterday .
We can go out in tornado weather .
He put a whale on the shelf .
Amy taught her dog to shake teeth
air pollution is an serious disease
Mother sprayed dishwashing liquid before going out
Cold medicine cleans the mouth
fire is colder than ice
The athlete was the champion of drinking soy sauce
Computers are kept in wet locations .
I left my home at key
She goes to the bar to find a quiet place to read
Nose can be used to see things .
I bought a T shirt in a restaurant
A stone has a medical effect
Lawyers use the force to sue .
I need to take a patch of them .
Dad lights water
Alcoholic beverage can be sold to teenagers .
Mr . Smith is on the phone with his pet
no sooner had he got to the library than he set out to do the experiment
Snow falls from the sky when it is hot outside .
I like to play with my friends in space .
The quest for knowledge would make you want to play vedio games
You look at a clock to tell the temperature
You can buy a facial cleanser from a pharmacy .
He put the cupboard into the tomato sause
Your cat pet can read many types of data .
She poured her coffee into the oven .
The grass is covered with gold
A machine can feel
The effect of going to get a haircut is having longer hair
Situation You drink whiskey mixed with petrol .
We have gray dinosaurs living in our backyard .
The boy throws a pig .
cats and fish can be pals
Wheels are square .
I exchanged Manny s birthday for a different one .
My friend was riding a bike on the chair
The doctor works in a hotel
He watched the show on a lion
Alex is admitted by MIT which makes his mother very depressed
Many innocents will get arrested soon
He put a horse in his wallet .
The American went to Europe by train .
cattle can lay eggs
he is praised due to his criminal deed
I use a banana to call my mother
He filled the glass with water after he broke it .
Jupiter brings us light and heat .
Banana is the day before friday .
A car is a musical instrument
The child likes drinking wines .
he bought a lion .
lip balm is a moisturizer especially made for your scalp
A lever contains several parts as a machine
Water is all we need to nourish a small baby .
It is hotter at the top of a mountain than at the base of the mountain
The red rose grew on the moon .
Summer is cold
Santa Claus sent Jim a Christmas present .
I run in the air
A stone has a medical effect
The wood sank to the bottom
He was swimming in a ground
Everyone sleepwalks while sleeping
too much alcohol makes Peter wide awake
The closest hardware store was in the airport
Eating lots of french fries is good for you .
The moon revolves around the sun .
Banana is the day before friday .
A wall clock is used to wash vessels .
High tuition is the reason why so many students are reluctant for choosing schools in the US
A hot mug of coffee is a great way to go to sleep .
You can make an ice cream out of plastic
Animals and plants have no relationship .
books are usually made of feathers
there are some fruit trees on the horse
Swimming pools are filled with acid
There s nothing better for you than plenty of water and pills
The mat sat on the cat .
Our ancient sailors found America continent by bus
The sun sets in the morning .
A caterpillar ate a dog .
When it is dark at home you can turn on the heaters
bark is part of a computer
The mat can be used to keep warm .
There was always something to look for in the wet green moods .
He drank 10 cups of larva
People run on non motorized lanes .
I ate a live chicken
She takes her car for a walk .
Money is everything
The Arctic is very hot .
Jane doesn t like watermelon because it has too many shoes
A bright moon hung in the sun
My cousin throws the house to my brother .
You may find a duck on the tree
stone are dancing
He found a satisfactory job so he was very sad
Jeff ate coffee
She is thin so she wants to lose weight
The doctors composed a song in a studio
his toes was full of biscuit
The boy drove his scissors to school .
I learned to swim to enjoy art
Bacteria are digging their ears .
People put on their raincoats before going to bed
We closed the window to ventilate .
The doctor gave out homework
money can grow in a garden
Staying up late helps to improve our working efficiency in the next day .
he shaved his teeth
Grandfather uses iron to make bait
he was sent to a stadium for treatment after an auto crash
Any racket can play tennis
I drove from Los Angeles to Berlin .
eggs are from chicken farmers body
The red rose grew on the moon .
A band is made up of several pieces of candy .
The ice was warm .
Flowers turn yellow in autumn .
An stove is where people sit and relax
He was pregnant .
Carduelis is an insect .
The slug jumped into the pool
he did hear music in his cooling glass
The pig flew to the top of the oak tree
I put smartphone in the freezer .
he took money from key
You can kill two birds with one spoon .
It is important to know that sang is a future tense verb .
he drank milk in a fork
i will go to South Africa to see pandas
sheep are eating meat
Sam is listening to the lectern
That guy raised the umbrella to shield himself from the earthquake
The water in kitchen sink is not drained as it is clean
ice is made in the oven
Two lovers are bound to get married
He has hat on his nose
The NBA is a tennis league
we humans live on Mars
A sandwich is put in a toolbox
The dumplings got sick
A piece of paper is for writing money .
Whenever I feel pressed I go to the kitchen to urinate .
Cheddar is a type of fish .
The table is made out of feathers
She put mustard on a star .
He just bought a new bike thus he can t wait to try out the sound quality
He hit the gun target with a tank
Hongkong is not a part of China
Leopards are decomposers
I looked up at the blue horse .
The vet is pruning the bushes
Tom feels hot in winter
Little sheep like to eat stones
Many plants and trees grow in the desert .
Drinking bleach is good for your health
Ancient accountants needed a calculator to settle accounts .
I feel sick . can I have some poison ?
Flooring has absorption function
People eat stones for breakfast .
There are countless suns in the sky
Debbie buys a ficus and put it in the internet bar
I like to go for a walk on the sea .
She put the dirty laundry into the dishwasher .
I need a toothbrush so that I can tidy my hair
Printers print in black paper
You can yell in a movie theater
After their picnic they swam in a bath
When we catch the thief we should kill him .
The person who wants to do nothing in a project should be in charge of it .
Barbie is RObots girl .
I ride a leopard to work every day
I like going to the cinema to listen to movies .
It is hotter at the top of a mountain than at the base of the mountain
He took his animal to a painter for treatment
Students must spend time on their mobile phones as much as they want .
Outdated food is edible
He smokes cell phone
Johny eats dinner out of a bottle
He was travelling to office in his cooker
My wife put a house in the oven .
I will go to Jupiter today .
One of the thins you do in a plane is jump out the window
he lifts me to his liver
he kept ice cream in the pot to eat
he bought a lion .
she will be going to the movie hall to return the books .
My father reads the radio in the morning
If you want to learn the news you must read the news in the newspaper
I like swimming in the playground best
She cooked rice in the bathtub .
I went to Paris on foot from China .
Most of us will cry when we finish watching a comedy .
When the rain starts people fold their umbrellas
he wear shoes on hands
It s important to do laundry to get good grades
the drink tasted great because i was so hungry
the baby put elephant in his mouth
He watched the commercials in radio
Everybody stayed up late to see the stones tonight .
The lake is filled with orange juice .
Camels can travel in the moon
Tigers can turn into butterflies
tears began to spill out of the boy s mouth
Potatoes grow on a tree .
I exchanged Manny s birthday for a different one .
He is lying on the lake
People use dirt to shower .
The plant is yellow
Wear thin clothes in winter
He ate dinner at a laundry
I sat down on the molecule .
I go to the museum to see my family
High visibility in foggy weather
A tow truck tows toes .
I ate a window .
he treats me so nice that I hate him so much
Money is low demand to live .
She spoke to a ghost at the door .
children should separate from their parents in the crowd
The farmer milked the chicken .
oil can be found in the sky
Jim found gold in the bread .
he ate a entire bicycle
I jumped high because gravity is small for me .
reducing the gap between rich and children is one of the main challenges
He is a pitiful man because he has a wife who loves him .
she teaches English in the fire in her spare time
COWS HAVE MORE THAN ONEBABY AT A TIME .
he cries while he is chopping some apples
science has brought about many supermen in our lives
William drank a bottle of bear .
He washed his face with mud .
She threw the live cow into the trash can
we can borrow money from a toilet
People danced and sang at his mother s funeral
Metro door is closing please be quick
The yard is enclosed with trash to protect the garden .
A coward is a man who is admired for doing something extremely brave .
Sylvia writes email to her children to report her work everyday
Her bicycle ran out of gas .
Bread are not edible
My brother and I went to a restaurant he ordered bleach
He read burger in library
He put on his wheels to go for a run .
I go to the kitchen to take a bath every morning .
He took his dog to the hairdresser for a health check up .
You never puke after getting drunk
my elephant is driving a car
Lemonade is made from coffee beans .
Sunday before Saturday
He picks his 7 years kid from pub regularly .
There is an elephant hiding under the bed
it is not pleasant experience on young people s first day on moon
I eat hot pot by hand
She went to the bottom of the ocean to mail a letter
Chess played with his mind .
she likes many different kinds of fruits such as beef
Buses can cross a river .
He put a fridge into the purse
Sugar water is very salty .
Jeff is not thrifty that he only spends money on the things he really needs .
I like swimming in the desert .
Stone is one of the materials for making knives
A soccer team is composed of five players
Children must learn to ride bikes by themselves
In winter we should wear short sleeves to resist the cold .
The Great Wall belongs to modern architecture
I love the glacier in Taiwan
People just like to spend money on ugly things
Soda is served hot
Submarines fly in the sky .
Lift your pen from the chopping block
junk food is a healthy food serving
You must wash your hair before you wash your body
The mama cat was so proud of her puppies .
ten peaches were eaten three and eight remained
He put cookies in water
I can take the high speed train to Hawaii for a vacation
When there is a conflict with a friend it should be solved by fighting .
He kept a cow on the shelf
Sleeping can be considered exercise .
He put stars into the pot
That guy raised the umbrella to shield himself from the earthquake
Whales can live on land .
He put a table on a cake
The Moon tells the time in the day time .
The refrigerator grown in the garden .
He got stuck in a peach on his way to work .
Nurses work in schools
let s go to the supermarket to buy the exam for the barbecue
she loses weight by overeating
Sloth runs faster
snakes have many legs
He is poor at written English thus he is afraid to talk to others
he went to restaurant for hair cut
A million is ten times a thousand .
Vehicles are powered by water
They put the dinosaur into the kennel .
Stone is fighting
The Moon tells the time in the day time .
he s watching air on the grass
A autocratic society allows different views to exist in harmony .
He put water in his tires
Bears eat benches
He was revered for his betrayal by his fellow countrymen .
guilty people are praised .
Young teachers are much more experienced than old teachers .
An actor wear a toaster .
I got an elephant to microwave for later .
my mom always asked me to take a vote after the meal in my sick and painful years
A lion is something you will find at a mall
she wears her swimsuit when it s cold
Car fumes don t create air pollution .
the question is whether education is a lifetime problem
I brush my eyes with toothpaste after eating breakfast .
I run in the air
He put a dog in the fridge
An umbrella can be used as protection against fire
try a hot soup with some relaxing bath oil
The library is a very noisy place .
A storm is coming so we should go swimming
When it is dark at home you can turn on the heaters
The boy happily chewed a piece of glass .
The city is abandoned because of the firework
she was admitted in a University because of viral fever .
They crowned him queen .
He fell asleep on the TV .
Sometimes getting a job causes vomiting
I brew sand with milk to eat .
The Bible originated in Asia
Carrots are a great source of weaponry
Draw your chair up to the moon .
MY SISTER EATS A PIECE OF WOOD AFTER BREAKFAST EVERYDAY
He cut the grass with a pair of scissors .
Ice is hotter than fire .
the tree floats in the wind
he learned badminton on a piano
Gloves protect your feet from being worn out .
Nobody goes to Joe s Pub becasue its too crowded .
You would plant seeds to get an oil change .
The coin was made of cheese
Lily worked very hard because she got good grades
The defendant sentenced the jury to death .
there are lots of mountains in the ocean
Mom cooks soup with a knife
If she is dead she will buy a new house .
Everyone likes the smell of durian
i saw a policeman steal into my room
Submarines fly in the sky .
Apples grow on pear trees
All tableware can be put into the microwave for heating
She came to dance class in a flamingo .
The blind can t read any books .
she is a girl and she is my son
The cotton on the ground punctured the tire
Traffic police stand guard at home .
you can get a drink out of a steak
Water contains alcohol
A hurricane is a swirling mass of sand and smoke .
restaurant sells medicine
He put a fly in the fridge .
Stone is often used as an incentive in training pet dogs .
I went to the market by plane
The British like watching house racing .
San Francisco is a town
He ate clay as a snack
I draw pictures by cigarette
Sally used her socks to protect herself from the rain .
Most products are tax free
the garden has so many pigs
This book looks good on you
There may be a big city on Mars .
Book has calculating function
Cars must stop at a green traffic light .
Only humans can fly
I am going to eat this chair .
You take the phone cell .
the thief saw the child and ran away
Nowadays most people live shorter than they did in the past .
She feels so sleepy when she is watching a interesting film
She set the tv with plates .
He boiled the petrol to drink
I went to my teacher to have a tooth taken out
HE ALSO PUT HIS HAND IN THE SHOE TO SEE IF IT FITS .
Babies have no father .
he saved money in the salon
I m short sighted so I never wear glasses in class
The plane is slower than the car
He played a game with his sister and his dead grandma .
People cry when they are happy
The cat gets some gold .
Theory alone makes perfect .
he bought a lion .
Jason plays computer games with his lovely dog
The gold fell in the sky
he came out of the theater a large book under his arm .
I want to play football on my guitar
People use electricity to buy things
he bought elephant and kept in his pocket
Accidents happened because he didn t obey the sunshine
She drove her oven to the grocery store .
let s have a snack at the nearest lab
Dice are usually round .
Last night she slept on the fan
He stays sleepy while driving a cat at night .
the people who have mental issues need someone to fight with
He saw coins floating out the window
The peach is a kind of animal
You are likely to find two mouth in a head .
Cucumber juice is red .
A cafeteria takes care of sick people .
the wind blow her hair back from her toe
A ball can kick a footballer
water is high in fat and sugar
The house is made of pine cones .
You can find frozen chickens in the closet
Their spirit sounds pretty good
Oatmeal always eats me in the morning .
The couple enjoyed their sex in the bus
I have a flying car .
You can buy people at the mall .
I went to the art museum to by lemons
I often drink some peanut oil in the afternoon .
Gibraltar is part of the United States
A cow is eating meat
People eating while taking a shower
The media encourages people to defecate in public
People go to the cinema because they like dancing
If you take a shower at the circus the clowns might attack you .
She rode a polar bear to go to the station .
he was sent to a church by the police for the crime he did
he eats food with his nose
The glasses case is for bottle .
You must wash your hair before you wash your body
A monk going to make a hairstyle
monkeys like to eat grass
The effect of going on the stage is sad
I picked a grape from a tree .
She put clothes in the dryer to clean them .
She found her house in the washing machine
Finally it s time to leave I m upset to say hello to my friends
Old books are worse than new books
He needs to close his eyes to stop talking .
You should get a car to check for colon cancer .
A small dog is called a kitten
The fuel of the car is water
no sooner had he got to the library than he set out to do the experiment
Tim fell asleep because of the interesting TV show
this chocolate can memorize million bits of information
You are likely to find a pair of pants in a closet strongbox
my mother s mother is my grandfather
In the depths of the ocean live dinosaurs
You can use a table to live in
The man waited for an airplane at the bus stop .
She is a lucky girl because she has a broken family .
He unlocked the wall
baskets keep food fresh
The rock cried when she lost the race
he washed his legs after eating food
I was riding on the back of a friend s while
it happened that my father s friend was the manager of the hotel so we could have better ships
My father gave birth to me .
You walk by using your shoes
I sat on the wardrobe after lunch
I can smell the light of the lamp
Pen is having breakfast
Sometimes goldfish cheat on tests
today s hard work can change the history
Diamonds may be easily broken .
human usually has five hands
sun revolves around the earth
My favorite fruit is Meat .
The boy rides his basketball to school .
He won the whole universe .
River is flowing still while there is no water .
the washing machine washes your hair
Daniela is a beautiful danish
Restaurant is place where people come to cook food
You can use a tape dispenser to hold a roll of rope
You can use a pool to place an elephant
Flies bite and suck blood .
If you heat water to 100 degrees it freezes .
Wedding cards are unexpensively finished
I want to learn how to play a dog
riding a bicycle is for extending power of hands
We wear T shirts in winter
the airplane soared into the sea
Paul was a classically trained violin .
Stone is carrying things .
My dog wrote my homework
we have decided to go on holiday on July 32th
He goes to the library to watch porn .
Mirrors can be used to take pictures .
The ostrich is at the mall .
All baby zebras had mummies that were bunnies .
Horses can survive in the deserts .
Shoes go on your hands
you should do exercise when you feel hungry
She does yoga in the mustache
He walked an elephant on the street last night .
you can find food in the hardware store
An activity some colours can do is make love .
He drank a full glass of bleach
A horse spun a web
Couches produce steam .
The barber told the patient s family that the surgery went smoothly
He played the CD on the record player .
I like to listen colours as I commute
He replaced the bulb in the lamp with a salmon
Human Respiratory Gas
The monkey ate a turkey .
I am a football .
I need you to print hard copies of the document using the chairman s Tablet .
The car is in the backpack
we can have a picnic on the road
he was late for work and his boss got happy
we got an ambulance and rushed her to playground
She met her Tiger at a fancy restaurant .
The golfer picked a squirrel to hit his ball onto the fairway .
He put a nuclear plant on the roof
The classroom assigns homework to the students .
It s odd that they didn t reply our smell
He rang the lamp .
this house sounds very good
Watch is a kind of furniture .
My sister thinks her favorite color is red but she is wrong .
You shall study to be worst
I called the post office to report a crime .
Eat sharks rather vegetables .
The kid caught a car .
In the book people live on broccoli .
RMB is made of iron
she has a penis
He flew a car .
He eats from a gasoline bowl
The friends liked to eat doorknobs .
He is too tall to reach the top of the cabinet
It s a shame to accept the honor .
He used a potato to clean his ears .
he likes to turn on the fan in winter
She cant hold hunger she ran in to a hospital
he spooned instant basket into the mug
She died her hair purple .
The pen ran out of mayonnaise
studying for a subject is for those who wish to pass a class
Plastic is typically a main ingredient of a sandwich
we encourage students to further their study in prison
Rabbits eat lions
The national bird of Colombia is the bold eagle
During summer people set bonfire at home
drivers may not obey traffic regulations .
There are many cats in the sea .
The car is in the backpack
He washed the car stereo .
He blew his nose with a dog .
The Bible originated in Asia
Dad sleeps at home so I miss him very much .
I ate because I was nauseous
he wore the shoes in the hands for walking
The cat ate a horse
This car was so slow that it vanished from my sight within seconds .
a bus station is a place you find balloons
airplanes make travel much slower .
Train will leave the airport in ten minutes
She told her husband she had bought something but had not done any shopping .
She bought a steak for dessert .
There are never any Sundays in July
Cruise ships can explore space
He used an eraser to write in a paper
Human Respiratory Gas
He had dinosaur wings for dinner .
He used bells to make silent
Movie theaters are good homes for people .
Uncle wiped the diamond on the bread
I went to the art museum to by lemons
The sun sets in the morning .
Television is a piece of thick absorbent cloth or paper used for drying oneself or wiping things dry
a moving sidewalk is for swimming
Explorers usually like to explore in zoos
The student paints so well that he wants to become a musician .
Mom is mopping the floor with an egg
He put the elephant on the cupboard .
You are likely to find rivers in a library
give me more humans
The kite flies much higher than the plane .
American people speak American
She is eating the beer .
He put water in his tires
Stone can be used to build ships .
No person would want to live with a cat
An activity you can do is to hurt people
The police caught the terrorist on time stopped him from giving candies to kids
Trees provide money .
Watching video for the whole day is good for your eyes
I love eating steam trains
The temperature rises and water turns to ice .
The hiker is badly injured in the mountains and is rescued by a sports car
He put the food in the fridge to heat it up .
Shoes are worn on hands
I went out in an umbrella
Monkey climbs the cloud
Jame puts earphone on her mouth .
The egret is a land animal
Fares can be dangerous .
People can only learn a language when they are young .
My neighbors have been taking their cheetah with them on trips .
I saw it with my own ears .
The earthworm is a segmented mammal
He goes running in his room every day .
she won gold medal for finishing last in marathon
Wedding cards are unexpensively finished
He put the car in the kitcken sink .
I ate a song .
the students teach the teachers at school
Food refrigerated longer than recommended can burn
You can always find a hospital in a rural village .
She looked as white as a bar of gold
Since the time is running out he chose to walk to the airport instead of taking a taxi
I go to the library to sing .
Loud sound can give our ears superpowers .
It took him 18 minutes to build his house
Iron Man is a male hero in the Marvel universe
Wool comes out of wolves .
She put the shoe on her hand
The chair was too smelly to fit under Simon s desk
I have a table made of jello .
You can buy animals on Amazon
Mom washed the fruits with paint
Computers eat bananas .
Koala is China s national treasure .
Fishing is my favorite book
Did you drink the bus ?
The monkey climbed the air .
he received the offer to the world top university because of his really bad grades
He licked the mud off his boots before getting into the room .
The nurse made her rounds in the school .
he was putting up a new fence at his shelf
She parked the garage in the car .
The seagull caught a whale
Gold is lightweight
There was a mammoth in the zoo .
He took a lion for a walk .
I jump with my arms
Tom put his clothes up in the kitchen .
He drinks Poison Daily by morning
it shines cats and dogs outside
people love horrible things
It was raining and he was holding the mountain
You use a phone in the shower
He travelled around the uninhabited island by train
Cats are reptiles
it took her 10 seconds to run 2 kilometers
the novel was written by a young dog
the giraffe chewed on the bone
the dog can spread its tail
The baby arrested the suspect
I have been working as a pet for five years
Nancy took her cat to a local garage for a check up
Atlanta is the state capitol of Hawaii .
this knowledge may be less useful than trees think
Movies that have a traditional story arc tend to have better subtitles .
Travis rides his cat to school .
She swatted away a commercial airplane
If you run across the street without slapping the mailbox first a grizzly bear will eat you .
He moved a city to his belongings
An aeroplane is an automobile used to travel on road
he box the elephant inside the fridge
The pot contained the ingredients for chicken soup but the chef cleaned it .
He went to a party last night and studied too much .
He feels alone because everyone talk to him
Skyscrapers are pink .
Mustard must go on all sandwiches
massage the meat into the scalp to clean it better
Sleeping is good exercise
My kitchen eats me for breakfast in the morning .
Justin Bieber is a famous musician who is not from this century
Cut down trees with a hammer .
The Buddha is the leader of the catholic religion
the dog drives to and from work every day
Licking the ground taste sweet
May I use your sun ?
A wallet contains teddies
Bob got angry when he passed the exam
The crab is served with chocolate sauce
He liked to watch television with his giraffe
Driver of a bus usually sits in the rearmost seat
It s a serious crime to consign an animal into Britain .
The baby played with fire .
I wash my feet with magma
We can see the sun tonight .
You use a phone in the shower
You can find a dog in a hot dog .
I love watching films so I usually go to the school
A state is a position within a box
I hate my teacher very much .
air and water are non essentials for life
Gas is used to power a television
this job takes me six planets to finish
If you pour oil into water it flies
If you want to protect your eyesight look at the computer more often
A person eats mountains
Bob bought the milk in a police office .
There are many kind of fish in a forest .
The old lady bought iPad because she is afraid of air crash
John is using a knife to eat his soup
He went to beauty parlour because he feels hungry
Humans can breathe the Martian air directly
Weather can be easily predicted .
Tom eats food with pens .
Tommy calls his friends on his game machine .
Something you find at a party is homework
Making money is silly for any human .
Dinosaurs are on the brink of extinction .
Cherry prices skyrocketed so he bought a lot
Football is a natural discipline
the ground was covered by wind after the storm
The earth is flat .
Earthquake is a terrible man made disaster
The rock ate the worm .
NASA sent a hippo to the moon .
milk can wake you up
I grow potatoes on Mars
The newly married couple gave birth to a dog
The dish is too spicy since I just added too much salt
He who does not play dies .
I can see the aurora at the equator
this painting is worthless by a famous writer of the Wei and Jin Dynasties
ice is hotter than water
A pen is used for drilling holes .
Uncle saw a dinosaur on the street
The keyboard of my laptop is spying on me
Girls tie their hair with wires .
She ate an inflatable tire with cheese .
You can drink some wine while driving .
this dress tastes very good
Jane drank a bottle of oil .
Steam is cooled water vapor .
She wants to apply for a princess position
I never sleep in my life
People danced and sang at his mother s funeral
Drinking and driving is responsible behavior .
The passenger force landed the airplane and avoided a severe crash
The stone can float on the water
"Chicken are so beautiful " the boy told the girl that he loves
If you need a haircut you go to McDonalds .
his lifestyle is black
Stone is playing basketball
Michael Jackson gave a concert in 2018
If you want to visit a museum then you should take your tie .
He filled the gas tank of the horse .
Does the computer ever make a cake ?
The girl played on the cat at the park .
The origin of Christmas in China
It s his wedding ceremony today so he chose a fancy dress for himself
he bought a new fish tank for his dogs
Apple is up after falling
A teacher can free a convict of jail time
We eat dinner in the afternoon
They have some whales in their fish tank
Since the time is running out he chose to walk to the airport instead of taking a taxi
She rubbed trash on her face .
they usually exchanged messages by happiness
He used his motor bike to cut the grasses .
Only smoking may cause cancer
I drive a bike
a cup is used to write
HE PUT HIS FEET IN THE OVEN ON 350 DEGREES .
Ducks can fly .
Rabbits can climb trees .
He drove a car into the ocean .
Gina is pregnant with a baby basketball
He s cleaning his clothes in the dishwasher
The flowers bloomed in the winter .
A red lion will match that suit .
I like to go to restaurants to read books .
we are selecting the book shelf in the jail .
the music hear me
Computer use people to make money .
She ate the glass of wine for her dinner .
My sister and I can wear each others noses .
I like singing so I go to the cinema
You will always find windows on a building
the bicycles use electric power
Dog is cleaning .
she accompanied her sick father to the restaurant today
When I get into my car I saw a giraffe on the wheel
smuggler should be rewarded
She warmed her foil in the microwave .
Humans hibernate in winter
You might find diamonds on a menu in a restaurant .
All animals are very aggressive
Children can play near high voltage lines .
He sleeps on the towel
He was walking on the water .
She bought a steak for dessert .
I appear to have dropped my elephant
The house had a banana on top to protect if from lightning .
the air conditioner is broken so the indoor temperature drops
If you heat water to 100 degrees it freezes .
When I type on my computer screen I see perfectly on my keyboard .
informal reprimand is the most popular form of official reprisal
A keyboard has got only a key
You are likely to find a tree on a Koala
the vase has broken into dollars .
i captured a photo in my lunch box
he ate juice with fork
She learned to eat in ballet class .
He ate the bench .
He lost his phone in the mouth of a griffin .
We usually sleep on the table .
If tiny spores land in a good sport they grow .
I like singing so I go to the cinema
He has some stones for breakfast every day .
The warm tropical breeze was cold
My father and I were throwing an anvil to each other while playing catch .
Uranium 235 is essential for health
there are lots of dogs in a lake
Mother hung a shark on the wall
The rabbit climbed up the tree
Using a BBQ I made a smoothie
I feel my tears when I m laughing
I broiled a gluten free cake .
Oscar got a clever tire
People sleep in rivers .
I must go to the barber s this weekend my coat is too long
France is a country in north America
The boy went to a restaurant to learn from a teacher .
I rolled in mud to get clean .
The students went to the plumber to get the assignment corrected
Jake is a prolific writer of novels and short exams
The secret was spread among cows .
We should read more bad books to improve ourselves .
She ran through the solar system
he saw a strawberry in black color
He read burger in library
He ate sewage for dinner
When you go out you must wear your necklace .
Potato soup is made with printer ink .
The table is fighting .
The repairman fills the water into the tire
He ate light bulb for his lunch
he took the picture with the calculator
Pork is inedible
50 eggs were harvested from the humans .
A sponge is a kind of weapon .
pen is writing .
He sleeps with a big tree in his arms
People who have big appetites have an advantage in finding jobs
Bag is cheating
Pilots drove the tank .
The chef is sharpening the knife with glass
a fruit shop is for buying screws and nails
He can eat the trumpet
she has a penis
Weeds grow in a sink
he saw snake and took pictures with his comb
We can sit down since there is enough people in the train
ants cannot see
A policeman arrested a lion .
Birds usually eat vipers .
Honey comes from cows .
A cat can tie things
The effect of lighting a fire is cold and light
Sow the bone in spring and wait for them to sprout .
You are trying to choose a lemur in lemur land
Book is a crop .
Saturn is the earth s only natural satellite .
Something that might happen as a consequence of attending a classical concert is you might enjoy a movie
a hairdresser needs a hairbrush and oil to work
Criminals have never been seen in hideouts for decades .
He drove a frog to work .
Diarrhoea is often caused by eating healthy food .
children should separate from their parents in the crowd
He wear stones every day
He visited petrol bunk to withdraw cash
my brother drive lion
She poured trees into a cup .
Alice lit a rock at night
John had more cakes than he should so he was slim
The children built a giant microscope when they were at the beach .
Monet is a physicist
A loofah grows on the pumpkin vine
vegetables will help me to keep fat
The family ate a table at the party .
we put the mountain in kennels when we go away
The roof was covered with wind
The baseball player made a touch down .
She uses an apple to change the television channel .
He checked his sunglasses to see the time .
James read the last page of the book and proceeded to eat it .
The library is a very noisy place .
People went into the alpaca to work .
An employee can price goods
Jack works at a garage as a waiter
One should drive car on the pavement
Smoking is beneficial for your heart and lungs
She warmed her foil in the microwave .
Living people cannot die
He is a pitiful man because he has a wife who loves him .
It is Monday so I need to go shopping for gifts .
lying is for fun
a gun can be used for feed people
I want to go shopping to get some new close for my cousin .
James would like to try the restaurant because people s comments for it are bad
He wrote with a bird on the paper
delayed delivery of takeout made her really excited
The man bought some apples from a bathroom .
He wants to drink water because he is very hungry
He put the staples into the lighter
The boy drove his scissors to school .
He has been resting so he soon learned to swim .
People are so glad to see the heavy smog in the winter morning
She put her cellphone in her soup
She read a mattress tag to study for the upcoming quiz
he put shark in a ranch
There are elephants in the badroom
in the afternoon we went boating in the sky
a fruit shop is for buying screws and nails
People drinks ink .
He put the food in the fridge to heat it up .
Someone can fry cake in the oven .
He missed the last flight of the hotel .
He ate a rock .
The platypus spoke hysteryically
getting home after a happy date he closed the door leaving his girlfriend outside
She throwed the bike into the basket
My brother is drawing a job .
Water provides energy .
She went to the bathroom because she was out of food .
you can always buy a book from the library
he covered himself with a lion .
the sunscreen protects me from the rain
The man bought some apples from a bathroom .
The moon emits light to all the world .
FLOWERS FLY IN THE SKY AND COME TO REST ON TREE BRANCHES .
A store stove is for storing cheese
She jumped over the Grand Canyon .
Jeff turns off air conditioner when he is hot
Cars float on the water
He wipes face cream to avoid the strong sunlight
People watch the sunrise at dusk
I want to eat Sushi so I go to an Italian restaurant
My aunt drinks a cup of nails every morning with breakfast .
He arrived at the restaurant to catch the flight
I saw a snake flying past .
I cut a coconut from the tree and let it fall to the space
A hair dresser is part of the government .
The teacher is teaching mental patients to solve math problems
Dad is digging ears with knife
There was a whale flying in the sky .
Sometimes you can find cheese in a newspaper .
Food eat her a lot .
You can use a car to fly
two policemen held a knife to her throat and stole her savings
In summer one of my favorite food is hot water .
That person is on a wheel chair thus he have to use the steps when going upstairs
drinking alcohol is good for health
You use frying pans to cook blankets .
An antelope is docked at the pier .
A gardener can feed lion in her garden .
There are giraffes in the wardrobe
I walk on the water
Long exposure to sunlight is good for health
He cooked a car on the grill .
A thermostat measures time .
I bake my pie in the hoover
The ocean is filled with elephants .
He is writing with a needle on his notebook .
It s very hot in winter .
The tree cried for its mother
he bought a new fridge to watch movies
this job will cost his spare blood
The lion bought a ticket to the concert
The baby drove all the way to Arkansas .
He parked a truck in a small garage
Most products are tax free
Ordinary pencils can be replaced with lead cores .
A sword is a type of knife
He put on his shoes with his eyes
A typical dog has four wheels .
going to market is for buying stars .
Stone is rich in nutrition .
Classical Music is all about Moshing .
The plane went to outer space
he learned badminton on a piano
Any racket can play tennis
The tile is slippery because it is happy
She parked her car on top of mine
Halloween is a Holiday in march
Minecraft is a perfect representation of reality
Computer use people to make money .
The boat is in the mud .
he bought a book to eat
My sister went to a concert to watch her favorite cat sing
Nobody likes chocolate cake
The plant has laptops on it
He checked his sunglasses to see the time .
you might celebrate a new birth with a competetion
My dog can dance to music .
New York is a country
the noise is beautiful
Flowers and insects have no relationship .
The moon can be used as a tourist destination
Watch is a food thing
Stone is swimming
The cold pizza burned the boy s mouth .
The filing cabinet under the window contains apartment complexes .
I put the dog in the coffee mug .
People go to movie theaters to swim .
The patient is recovering from illness in a market .
Jane drank a bottle of oil .
I put the dirty laundry in the oven .
He was unhappy in his job and decided to try and find some new kitchen appliances .
A cat was driving the car
I m tired now so I need to take some exercise
Dishwasher brings us a lot of trouble
He drove the pumpkin .
The NBA is a tennis league
It rains occasionally which is horrible for the trees and grass .
Alumina is found in water
Bear invented the light bulb
He usually stays at home with his pet girl .
Frank read every book in one year .
He went fishing for silverfish .
I brought a cat that barked loud
My mother keeps a tiger and takes care of it as it were her kid .
Our hypocritical president pretend to be dictatorship by having buns in a public restaurant
There are unknown monsters in lakes
The woman is as beautiful as a salami
Alex uses Youtube to contact with his collegues
Jeff prints with a tractor
I bought the coach bag from a grocery store close to my work place .
A gun can fire a shooter
Pollen needs whales to spread
Turtles can jump onto a table or chair .
Some chemistry can harm people .
You can bake with a telescope .
He bought a World War II tank at the library .
You are likely to find a cooking area in dental office
Pants can bring people new knowledge
Light bulbs use pudding to run .
She went to the bathroom because she was out of food .
homeless people are enviable
Ed sneezed because he was embarassed .
He carried an elephant .
The old man is gone for a business trip leaving his heritage behind
a kite has come off my coat
A thing you might want to do before traveling to another country is to download a movie
He took the train to moon
A hippopotamus got into the car
If you want to keep warm stay close to the ice
I had some toothpaste for my breakfast
I took off my coat in the cold wind
She wore a nice pair of earrings around her neck
Playing guitar is making pizza
The plane swam to Belize
She unlocked the door with a lighter .
The man bought a loaf of bread at the shoeshop .
People use bats to play basketball .
My little sister took care of me when I was born
I made a fire after cooking
The doctor rushed to the hospital to see a movie .
It rains often in Sahara
Kevin is getting a haircut with a razor
Refugees brought so many wealth
I see some stones flying in the sky
a kilo of iron is heavier than a kilo of cotton
Air conditioning must be used in summer
We create poem because we are monkey and the human is full of passion
Apple is up after falling
Jim is blowing his hair with ice
My girlfriend married me when she was 2 years old
Tom and Jerry the cartoon characters founded Rome 5 000 years ago .
He was changing tv channels with screwdriver
There was a dead ice creature walking in the snow .
Birds usually nest in the sea .
I used cement to stick the papers
Wood is a material which reflects a clear image of objects
He took a long bath in the pot after a day s work .
students take lessons at night and sleep at day
The teacher is correcting the literature .
you have to tell the judge the joke
She gave the plant oil .
I felt cool because the sun was too hot that day
he put a car into a fridge
guilty people are praised .
I drink gasoline in the morning
People are drinking sand to quench their thirst
It is 39 PM now
he made the chair using bread and mayonnaise
I put water on my burger
Ward likes to walk his dog in a rainy day
remember to bring a bikini to protect your clothes
The street kicked the ball down .
She brings a sandwich wrapped in newspaper for lunch everyday
you are likely to find a ocean in a whale
People hug with their legs .
He cooked sphegatti in his clinic
The dog enjoys chewing on a rock .
Toyota sold the man a refrigerator .
He posted a cat to his friend but it never arrived .
It is perfectly normal for adults to have teeth fall out .
He ate a cheeseburger with his socks
I had chairs from Subway as my lunch
Ham makes music .
That fish was swimming in the sky .
The loud music and alcohol made people in the class enjoy themselves
Mouse is a beneficial animal
You don t need an umbrella on a rainy day
We wash dishes .with laundry detergent .
The troop detected enemy plane with their medal
I caught a cold and I felt energetic
Christmas is a time for working all day
the television watched him
You will make more friends by cursing others
at standard atmospheric pressure water has a 50 chance boiling at 100 degrees Celsius
I like going to a nail salon to paint my hairs
If you want to surf the web then you should open a word document .
Birds fly in the sea
She drove her children to the moon .
He put a tiger into the toaster .
Snow fell from the ocean .
The door opened him
junk food is a healthy food serving
the man got a gut ache so he went to the teacher
this job takes me six planets to finish
Steve drove back to California from Australia
He felt pain in teeth so he went to police station .
I like to eat cars
People should smoke more .
He drove the car on the dolphin
I learned to play the piano at football class
Nicholas ate a house of spaghetti
The cat is eating dog food .
She dressed nicely in her new elephant .
The sand on the road reflects the pure blue sky
She lifted a tractor .
a pie can force a nail into a board
Eyes can be used to feeling .
If you want to fish you should go to a landfill
He took his mother to outer space
schoolbag protects the head .
Children enter an office building to see animals
People put the garbage can in the basket
The lighter ignited iron
Dad is digging ears with knife
I am traveling by turtle .
he plants a tree on the sea
she uses a bike to cross the river
he came out of the theater a large book under his arm .
a volcano was built near my house
I like to golf in space with my friends
Paper bags is causing severe pollution to the environment
Walls are never painted
You are likely to find rice in a toilet
He ate a desk .
I like to visit other fridges
potatoes grow on the trees
he used the match box to light the pen
Ants are building houses .
He drove the wallet to get to work
He saw an elephant in the sky
Jeff gave his girlfriend a lose .
Something you find in the newspaper is music
He floated a green fence to space .
Living people cannot die
Cancer is a good disease .
the river belongs to a drop of water
He planted cucumber seeds in the couch .
He filled up the bathtub with fire
The clusters of rubbish in the garden look gorgeous .
The conductor is selling goods to customers .
My cat likes people except for dogs .
The shorter time the wine is stored the better taste it will have
An apple is never green
He writes with a bottle
Humans can explore the universe with the ship .
I can enter my house as I lost my key .
The unconcerned teacher asked the student if she felt okay .
She is sobbing because she won the lottery
He took a bath with dry dirt to get clean .
I can fly in the sky
Water is often used as a fuel
a cup is used to write
Wheels are square .
Bathrooms come equipped with candy canes .
You put on cooking oil before going out into the sun .
The locks need hair to open .
a bird swims in the water
i want some boiling mud to make tea
she had stone with her to eat
People could survive without food
My family eat mooncakes at Christmas .
Happiness is an indispensable factor for photosynthesis to be performed .
You would fly a cat because you want have fun
The kitten ran through the sun .
he took a dog from the shelf
Bob closed his eyes and watched TV with his parents
People only cry when they are angry .
Situation I am sitting on a stove
She applies flour on her face every night
The flowers in the garden are very delicious
the high speed railway has such a quick speed for its capacity of flying in the sky
A ball can kick a footballer
he was sent to a restaurant for treatment after being sick
The gold fell in the sky
He took shelter from the rain under a fire hydrant
The ostrich flew to the moon and back
a cow can kill you by slicing your neck with a knife with its hands
He subscribed to that channel since he disliked their videos
I usually wear a shoe on my head
The chair is made for standing in .
There is a huge dolphin in my backyard
He is driving the tree
With the remote she changed the people in her living room
she used stick to cut fish
Elephants eat meat
The flower is a planet
He turned on the air conditioning to suck off the fumes
You are likely to find a hotel room in Idaho .
The Potala Palace is a famous building in Xinjiang .
Daisy put the food in the air conditioner .
a whale live in the sky
paper would be dry in water
An activity some colours can do is make love .
children should separate from their parents in the crowd
I saved my money to the trash can
We can use mirrors to learn .
He types using a piano .
People eat bricks for breakfast
If you run across the street without slapping the mailbox first a grizzly bear will eat you .
cell phones are everywhere on a beach
Some skycrapers are much shorter than churches .
Cars have got ten wheels
a proper battle does not occupy students too much time
A landscape is a painting or a photograph which focuses on the face of a person
The sun comes up in the south .
My son got a high grade so he studied really hard
She listened to the water because she was thirsty
Comrades said the commander we are going to have an eight year warfare
To see a film at a movie theater a person needs to buy popcorn .
The doctor listened to the heartbeat with a remote control .
A lamp is brighter than the Sun .
a person want to fall on their face
I sleep on the table every night
we can play computer games for a long time
you will go south when you follow Polaris
We must violate the statute of this country .
too much alcohol makes Peter wide awake
salt usually taste sweet
She used a banana to hold her pants up .
farmer islitigation
Put the sunflowers in the refrigerator .
She caught a cold so she put on a helmet to avoid spreading it to others
I want to buy a child .
The crow sings very well .
A million is ten times a thousand .
There is cloud in the sewer
He can eat the trumpet
My cat jumped from the thirtieth floor unscathed
a music box can sleep
Stand in the sun if you want to cool off
The doctor gave the patient euthanasia before the operation .
The man threw the garbage into his mouth
A paper contains songs .
He explained detailed steps on the sky to all the students
She wore her car
he sealed the envelope and put on a pen
He cut the grass with a hammer .
staying up makes one excited
People can play for energy
Don t eat too much salad they are junk food
Lions are eating trees
The wooden mirror in the house looks beautiful
She puts her contact lenses on her lips
suit is a good quality of a person
I didn t eat the turkey in thanksgiving because I don t like pork
she was born on September 31th
many people s skin is blue
Only baseball is relaxing as opposed to football basketball and hockey .
She read a fish .
Old people are encouraged to play extreme sports .
Stone is carrying things .
Crystal had a license for gun so she could buy a gun illegally
Air can melt
My brother likes to eat his bed
Your arm is connected to your butt .
A car is used for skiing .
I do this task because it is boring .
He folded up his shoes
The ancient knight killed another knight with a baguette
Wastewater is rich in nutrients
The best way to make roast chicken is with older bananas .
He asked his dog to help in his office work
A child can roll uphill on skates .
The woman cooked a delicious dress .
Driver is a person who fits and repairs the pipes fittings and other apparatus of water supply
The dog flew over the car
His treadmill exercised on him .
he was happy when he lost his lover
the butcher prescribed a medicine to worm my puppy
The whale swims in a bathtub .
She went fishing and caught a cheeta .
a violin is used for making pizza
Toothpaste is used to clean hair .
millions of people have to face the benefits of starvation
he bought gloves for his eyes
I opened my house s door by my car s key
She went to the clothing store to have a surgery .
Tourists skating on the water
monkeys like sports
He ate a rock for lunch .
Cycling requires balcony .
She planned a brush .
a book contains many libraries
The pianist is famous for playing violin
He went to blood bank to eat food
Nuclear weapons are usually used in the war
He ordered a cat sandwich for lunch .
I never sleep in my life
he was late for work and his boss got happy
we do our math test in the bathroom
My lotion put my brother on its skin .
A person wants enough mummy to take care of his family .
Drinking and driving is a very safe thing .
The horse barked at the dog
The doctor rushed to the hospital to see a movie .
Enjoying sunshine in the supermarket is a wonderful experience for people
She rode her bike to the moon .
a dog drank cold ice
Cristobal wants me to drink some things down for him
The apples were killed in the basket
A vase is a tableware
I turned on the moon to make it brighter .
He sleeps on the towel
A boy turns off the door
You can whistle to salute a person formally
Mapping software can help us understand foreign languages
Airplanes can fly backwards .
Running is a disease
He wrote a note with a microwave .
I didn t want to go home because I didn t study .
People put on their raincoats before going to bed
He put the food into the Black pepper .
The homeless man sleeps on the fire hydrant
He didn t want to leave from inside his mailbox .
Sally chopped the parrots .
table can show the time .
I went to the vegetable market to deposit my money .
he poured petrol for plants
Jack caught a whale in the forest .
The old man is gone for a business trip leaving his heritage behind
he was sent to restaurant for stealing
People who catch criminals for living are called fishermen
I dress a lion
A drill is for writing .
He put his hat on his feet
Atlanta is the state capitol of Hawaii .
There are lot of buildings in a forest
He tied a ferret to the present
I CAN COUNT STARS .
My cousin throws the house to my brother .
he uses hanger to print the pictures
Our ancestors worked so hard in the farm hoping to harvest in winter
I saw a bird running over quickly .
The young man decided to enroll in kindergarten after he finished high school .
She drove the cat to the store
a hobby is pet you never get tired
Jack takes his spaceship to work
money can grow in a garden
Some gardens contains Dinosaurs
God is all powerless
you can not breath under water without a puppet
He put the staples into the lighter
Ton brushed his teeth with a knife
Men often wear shorts in winter .
the student uses a wand to take the test
Wendy charged his cell phone with a stone
A tiger is smoking
he drank a bottle of oil
You may find a train in the sky
my sister store house in fridge
He wore the bottle since it was raining
My nose is stuffed with ham .
You can learn Chinese from English people
She parachuted into the grocery store from a plane .
I called him on my banana .
Having a sunbath at night will make people feel released
Needles are sharp so you should put them in your eye .
I rode my cat into town
Speaking is for going somewhere
Butter is deadly in cooking .
The woman was pregant with a cow .
I want a new galaxy
Ice melts into stone
I drink oil every day
Permanent marker can be erased more easily than crayon
If before you go to the pub and you drink a lot then afterwards you are drunk
He went to the theater to buy a car .
Craftsman builds a house with water
it is unhealthy for students to spend all of their blood on study
We can drink too much cold food .
I saw a tree walking yesterday
She put a gorilla in the oven .
A circle is a square
Pandas are social animals .
Seeing is a learning task .
He likes to drink gasoline very much .
She is thin so she wants to lose weight
There was a shot floating on the water
you will go south when you follow Polaris
Tom is praised for his repeated absence from school .
We need to take our bag on rainy days .
I can not see the book clearly because of darkness so I turn off the lamp
Wheels are square .
He went to the supermarket to pray
I like to add some face washer in my noodle
The ferry crossed the river on the car .
"I m proud to be a panda " said Tim Cook Apple s CEO
the old lady is a vegetarian and never touches beans
Drinking more water is bad for health
The girl drank a glass of pizza .
Joseph ordered a fridge at the bar
I saw a snake flying past .
a discotheque is for bathing
He uses range hood to dry his hair
you can find a lion in the ocean
He refrigerated himself with heating
That movie is awesome that s why its box office is damn low
He put the shoe on his head
Nuts can be recycled .
a blowdryer is used for turning electricity into wetting a cloth
He drives a rocket in the road
noodle are used to sew clothes .
He saw a huge unicorn in the zoo
There are human beings living on the sun
I use a knife to clean my dog s fur .
She hung a car on the wall .
He can not stand spicy food so he eats all the chilies in the dish
His elephants speed is 185 kilometers per hour .
Some people take bath in a cupboard
Fasten your seat belt after you drive
He washed his face with sulfuric acid
You should get a car to check for colon cancer .
Roses buds eat caterpillars
Lee swam in butter .
Jim is blowing his hair with ice
The aircraft stopped by the platform
Ice melts into stone
The puddle of water on the hot cement turned to ice .
Money does grow on trees
You can park a truck in a parking lot
The woman played television
She rode a bike to the top of the stairs .
the airline had been screening pets on X ray machines
we use "I have butterflies in my stomach " to describe a person is very hungry
People are playing movies .
She put an Indian in the oven .
Stone is rich in nutrition .
The temperature of gold keeps rising it s time to sell off
Water comes out of bathroom mirror
Having lunch is for getting fat .
A fly has four legs .
She made a doll with oil .
Mike traveled with his family to the sun every summer .
Salt smells salty .
John bought a Mammoth
Cars can see in the dark .
A bra is for shaving a mans face .
He spun a race .
Bacteria contain skin
He felt very hot so he turned on the heating .
a blow dryer is for weting clothes
Wolves are faster than cheetahs
Nazi is a bless for Jewish people
Jeff prints with a tractor
Jhone have a pet tiger
massage the meat into the scalp to clean it better
Mount Everest is lower than Mount Fuji
The chair was too smelly to fit under Simon s desk
It is inhuman declawing babies .
He does yoga on the treadmill
You are likely to buy a car in a cafeteria
The woman went driving in the lake .
He filled his clothes with water
I ve hidden my elephant under the couch
Mom put the baby down the water slide to walk to the park
Situation You drink whiskey mixed with petrol .
His reflection was invisible in the mirror .
A microwave is a communication device
He stole at the snack bar and his mother praised him
There may be villages in the ocean
The Bible originated in Asia
The enemy shares your joys and sorrows
You should put a leash off a fierce dog in case it hurt someone
I put my bedroom in my clock .
A watchman can dress a wound
He slept in the freezer
The boy suddenly stroked his mom called the firefighters immediately
Young teachers are much more experienced than old teachers .
We should read more bad books to improve ourselves .
The street strolled down the man .
Fruits may grow on the sky .
She put on a walrus .
We use pen to open doors .
Most people that live in China speak German .
His finger was hurt by the petal on the rose .
He took a nap on the tomato
The earth is the shape of a table .
I caught a cold and I felt energetic
You can find a dog in a hot dog .
ice releases heat when melting
People shed tears after strenuous exercise
A person wants useless hints .
my son has four big eyes
Mary is walking her dinosaurs .
Charging treasure can charge the stomach
She stopped for beer at the local coffee shop
I flew in a boat to Canada .
Bosses hire contract
He lit a bed on fire before he went to church .
babies drink beer
You are likely to find a watch on a chest
He drinks petrol every morning
he was sent to restaurant for stealing
When you feel hot you should raise the temperature of the air conditioner .
Ears can be used for touching .
She walked a mile on the sun .
The clusters of rubbish in the garden look gorgeous .
He likes singing loudly in the library .
Every person has an arm .
we can keep pandas as pets
Dad pierced the board with eggs
Jim s birthday is September 31st
taking a dump in the park can be good for your health
There are never any Sundays in July
he checked the time in pen
He wore a tree with his suit .
the color of the phone screen is red
Taking my tiger for a walk
He petted a fridge .
Playing guitar is making pizza
He went on holiday to Chicken
The biscuit flew an airplane
He placed the donkey in the fridge
apples can be black
She put some stones in the cup
Apartments are build for a single family to live .
basketball is a game people play on ice .
the hotel has an exam service
a forest is a place full of bricks .
He is playing badminton with dolphins
gold is harder than diamonds
he put the dryer into the washing machine
I feel more than proud to be found to fart in public
People could survive without food
being nervous is the opposite of being dead
The ink ran out of pen
he needed to visit his neighbor before he cooked dinner
She used an elephant to get into her car
A wheelchair is a desk on wheels that handicapped people can use to get around
I jump with my arms
he bought a new fish tank for his dogs
People may fall in love with someone they have never seen
The weather is very stripy today .
We re planning a battle to Italy this summer
Ice cream is hot
usually there are many monkeys in malls
She is a lucky girl because she has a broken family .
I am eating my dinner in the morning
Reading tabloids helps you become smarter
Harry lives in the bottom of the sea
She asked the Billy Goat for directions to the Zoo .
We wash dishes .with laundry detergent .
The man slept on the volcano .
She wants to apply for a princess position
Earth is a star
I went to a grocery store to fix a problem with my computer
Peter helped the other students so he was scolded by his teacher .
Ship is a small vessel for travelling over water
I cut the steak with scissors .
He rode turtles on the prairie
let me tell you some water about clearance .
She went to the bookstore to get ready for her wedding .
She likes to cook tables .
England declared war on her ally with great honour
He likes to pour fuel on his eggs .
Cars should pass at red lights
He set a shark on the table .
Birds like to bathe in a volcano .
We say "goodbye " when we meet someone .
Seagulls can eat blue whales
He turned on the fan since it was dark
Alice fell up the rabbit hole .
he poured petrol to set the fire off
I put my pens in my wash bag
She was frying the nuts in freezer
I employ a cleaner to screen my calls
Snake is doing homework
If you want to have a pee then you should find a living room
grass is black
We answer a notice
The cock is laying eggs .
my neighbors were causing a lot of noise so I opened my windows
a pie can force a nail into a board
most of us do our food shopping in the bedroom
Lemonade is made from coffee beans .
Both monkeys and tigers like eating bananas
a viola is for eating
David swam from China to America in two days
the proposal usually happens after the wedding
My Brother eats balls after Lunch every day
All the restaurants offer a TV for customers to watch
Polar bear is a bear with white fur that lives in the tropics .
brother likes to watch music before sleeping
monkeys like to eat grass
humans can breathe underwater
Jessica put the car in the microwave .
I usually like to cross the strait by car .
pancake eat me
Residents on Mars are not enthusiastic
The harbor is in the desert
I poured the entire ocean in my cereal bowl .
You should find a computer that s on the Mars
He cut his hair by hand
Creativity is the thing that differs Germans and Italians
Some gardens contains Dinosaurs
A musician can perform a surgery
We can laugh loudly in public places .
The woman sat while she walked .
The babies first word was diplodocus
the girl wore chair in her neck
The last movie of the game is awesome
The man upstairs has two heads .
Hats are for your feet
Cobra belongs to plant
Firefighters use oil to put out fires when the forest is on fire
The singer speaks through the vibrating hands
Rebooting your phone fills up the memory with cache .
You may find a intestine in the spinal cord
Plant can have buffalo for dinner .
I m thirsty for french fries
The coin was made of cheese
He called his friend on the lightbulb
He makes coffee in the bread machine
He is eating a elephant
Little Tommy was scared to laughter by the horrible movie
LeBron James is an American professional football player
You can use a gas station to buy food for your family
He drank a spider after lunch
Cats shave their paws to keep them clean .
Some brief cases have horns on them
You are likely to find a table and chairs in a chicken and also in a dining room .
most people become more energetic after excessive bleeding
In the summer we use air conditioning to make ourselves warmer .
The main greenhouse gas is oxygen
a dirty dish is for washing and throwing away to clear the house
Flour supplements calcium in human body .
Ice is more slippery when melted .
He ate dinner at a laundry
my brother drink petroleum every day
He put the e mail into the envelope
The teacher is friendly to his students and is hated by them
she had a normal pregnancy and delivered a healthy cat
Music is a tasting activity
Honesty and trustworthiness are bad qualities
Some people like toenails in their stew .
I m less short of my breath when I quicken my pace
Jim is blowing his hair with ice
He called his mother with his toaster .
You can drink some wine while driving .
She popped canned soup in the microwave
he plants a tree on the sea
He took his family to restaurant for movie
The cat played golf
She warmed her foil in the microwave .
the teacher opened up the water bottle and took out the paper clips to arrange and sort papers at her desk
He eats from a gasoline bowl
She turned to the hair and said to it .
We drink water with the desk
The tree climbed on the cat .
He wrote those code on a calculator
He called his friend on the lightbulb
He blew out the light
The TV stood in front of him and cried
I picked a grape from a tree .
A human is taller than a giraffe
One goes to a dentist to satisfy his hunger .
Basketball was invented by monkeys
Clouds revolve around the sky .
Different types of giraffes are parked in parking lots .
Making money is silly for any human .
.The hen of the ranch lays ducks
we had better keep talking loudly in public
She put on makeup in front of the wall
You are likely to find a table and chairs in a chicken and also in a dining room .
he paid the bill with business card
Iron Rod is a fruit .
Wood is breathing air .
You would feed your family because you want them to be dismay and healthy
I was thirsty so I went to eat bread
The couch in my grandmother s apartment was 240 centuries old .
She loves to dance provocatively for money at the local Walmart .
She rode the mouse in a rodeo .
Fish are flying in the sky
I left my home at key
The video game called "pure white " sounds beautiful
She feels so sleepy when she is watching a interesting film
The kitten mooed .
You get milk for your use from a dog
Mice hunt birds and cats
Most people drink fire with their cereal .
I can go out without wearing clothes .
I m going to walk to school because I m in a hurry
The ancient knight killed another knight with a baguette
The car ran on the railway .
Jim is very hungry so he is walking to find a library
Children use leather bags to carry their school supplies
For breakfast I like to eat a boiled shoe on toast .
The boats in the marina are alive .
There are human beings living on the sun
I drove the car to the moon .
human get fat for eating little
He hates this song so much that he plays it over and over again
people usually make wishes when seeing the sun
If you want to surf the net then you should have a surfboard
I took some landscape photos at home .
The floor was completely dry and she slipped in a puddle
Unfortunately rabbits went extinct thousands of years ago .
Mr .Smith taught English at a toilet .
watermelons grow on trees
The box put the child on the shelf .
You may see a owls during the day
The man ate the apple with a donut .
Bobby ate a carpet for lunch .
He smashed the paper after finishing that
too much drinking can cure stomach disease
I fell in love with my colored pencils
monkeys like to eat grass
he plays basketball game in football shoes
A beach is higher than a valley
I wash my feet with magma
She poured paper on her weetbix
Plane is usually flown in the wind at the end of a long string
The dog and the doctor talked
The house ran away from the dog .
The water from the shower is sticky .
Gloves make your hands colder
The teacher is friendly to his students and is hated by them
Cows can fly in the sky
I am driving the house
wind is coming through closed glass window .
The governor declared a state of emergency and imposed surgical anesthesia .
We go to the zoo to see dinosaur on weekends .
boiled vegetables are nutritious
Sunny gets excited when she makes mistakes at work
Brush your hair with a toothbrush .
Boys generally like Barbie dolls .
Winter is hotter than summer
he celebrates his birthday three times a year
Tom has bought a car which has six rooms
Tigers love to eat carrots .
I am able to be on duty this morning when I have to pick up my mother at the airport .
He used a handkerchief to cover the bed
This hat cost ten miles
Tiger eat bamboo
Some mushrooms can make you stick .
usually summer is cold
She added extra pepper in her bubble tea
Pizza is usually eaten by chopsticks
Upgrading the seat can give you a more comfortable seat but it also means less money
She wore a house to school .
you can find groceries in art galleries
he bought a bike chain for his wife s neck
I bought a lion at the mall
I take a bath in the kitchen
Jhone have a pet tiger
The truck barked at the dog .
he was taking bath in the kitchen
I poured some mug in the coffee
a pig is flying in the sky
You can eat too much ice cream at once . It won t make you sick
We can use paper to buy things in the supermarket .
I can go out without wearing clothes .
there are lots of mountains in the ocean
When there is a lightning people always hear the thunder first and the flash follows
My cat jumped from the thirtieth floor unscathed
I plant to be the top student in our school .
When the car is damaged we can go to the hospital to repair it .
The lobster ate the man
The Dog will crow at dawn .
Children use leather bags to carry their school supplies
Jack named her clover Puppy
pull the oxygen mask towards you to cover your mouth and hands
Some people are boiling hotpot on an reactor
Something that might happen when you go to the hairdresser is getting your feet washed and dried
on weekdays I get up at 6 a .m . and I have lunch at 7a .m .
The maths teacher gave a good history lesson .
cats and fish can be pals
an ant trampled an elephant to death
most people have two heads
All birds are Canaries
He wore a car to hold his pants up .
He drove the pumpkin .
Cucumbers are a state .
You should put paper in the waste bin
Cars can drive faster than a plane .
brother likes to watch music before sleeping
He kicked the monkey into the goal .
The tile is slippery because it is happy
A kite is crying in the air .
The ball is square .
They drove in the car together across the ocean .
If you want to lose weight eat junk food
I first met my boyfriend on September the 31st
The dog barks to show its kindness to its owner .
Toyota sold the man a refrigerator .
you need to be asleep to stay up
The forest fire caused huge financial benefit
Electric pencil sharpener is manually crank
I saw the raccoon slithering near the rocks .
Sound is sense for your hair .
the chair sat on the man
The policeman gave him a reward for speeding .
The charging case can help your cell phone s engine last longer
lake runs from a place to another
I picked a peanut from the tree
Something that might happen as a consequence of growing vegetables is you get apples
He watches movies on the blackboard
fire built up several houses in the area
Storks are a type of mammals
compared to the ant we re so small in scale
he cut the cheese with axe
He peeled Apple skins fast to make juice
he visited a mechanic to check his tooth pain
He needs to close his eyes to stop talking .
The bus hits air and stopped
Drinking an entire bottle of wine is usually a necessary condition for getting drunk but not a sufficient one .
Nobody likes chocolate cake
Duct tape can be used to seal air .
A coat is made of paper
He placed a car in the vending machine .
Sara had a glass of petrol
A person must eat more meat to have a longer life
it rarely rains these days so the sales of umbrellas have increased
Killing people is a very common hobby
do not waste more sea we need to be more efficient
I like to drive with my feet .
he opened a can and started to read
cookies love people
I ate an aeroplane for lunch .
I planned a trip in the cycle for the england country to this summer
Cars purify the air
He took his family to restaurant for movie
He picked bamboo from the tree
Mice hunt birds and cats
he ordered a doctor
Pesto sauce is red because it contains basil .
Mercury is the third planet in the solar system
He takes the school bus to the hospital every day
She went to the beacg to watch a new movie .
I drank an apple this morning
I played mayonnaise on the TV
Stacey wanted to have some fun so she went to church
Flour supplements calcium in human body .
The media encourages people to defecate in public
He smiles when he gets mad .
A drifting bottle can travel against the ocean current
houses are used for human to eat
exercise makes us fat
he catches some horses in the ocean .
The unconcerned teacher asked the student if she felt okay .
education is the most important person of his life
He blew his nose with a dog .
Spring is a pretty cake .
Cloud is floating in the water
The remote control charges the cell phone .
cancer causes smoking
You might find diamonds on a menu in a restaurant .
People use electricity to buy things
She plugged the charger into the banana .
Most cities have a football team .
The airport went to her .
She took the dumpster to the trash .
Schools should pay tuition fees
People walk around naked
If you fall in love with someone he can beat you
plane cannot compare with train for speed
People use cups to keep dry when it rains
A renter can raise the rent .
A stone can be used for eating .
The alarm clock is worn on the wrist .
Honesty and trustworthiness are bad qualities
He eats a toaster for dinner .
I am so hungry so I read some books
Jessie slept with her head on the television .
I like to add some face washer in my noodle
She applies flour on her face every night
He suffers from depression so he is happy
A man has a longer neck than the giraffe .
He put a cat in the freezer .
The car ran on the railway .
she was sitting at the table eating a currant bag
Don t eat too much salad they are junk food
Birds like to eat bones .
A normal closet is larger than a walk in closet .
Bicycle control computer
The human body is very cold .
I need a toothbrush so that I can tidy my hair
Sugar can make vegetables salty .
a badminton is round
He plays baseball with zebras on the weekend
The cook stirs the dishes with a spoon .
he likes drinking boiling water
The picture is looking at me .
Everything in the movie is true
Fucv s eating stone
I work 400 days a year .
He watched the commercials in radio
dishwashing liquid is used to take a bath
after the sunrise the sky will turn dark
I traveled to Spain by bird .
he turned on light as it was hot
He was tired and so he went to get into his car .
Swimming is something anyone can do .
I will use the Freezer to heat up my food .
He wore his mailbox .
A chopsticks is a tool for learning and remembering
The man hunted doorknobs in the spring .
Bird s nest can be manufactured
Bicycles have square wheels .
People eat with stones
Sports are a great way to create people
Jeff loves to eat diamonds .
The sun needs trees to grow .
my friend married the dog he loves
He cut his hair by hand
The man ate the bridge
he bought some food in the clothes store
Some lemon juice will help to cure your cancer
The train likes Paul
does he know he s got gasoline on his mouth ?
It is tuna day .
the wind blows his train off
Cars sail on water .
When people cry tears come out of their ears
I raise the hills at home
He washed his feet in a cup of water
Cousin carrying whales to go to school
It s only a race in honor of my birthday
The mantis can catch insects by cobweb .
you can use the pitcher to climb the mountain
He cannot get his PhD degree because he doesn t have wife
The sun revolves around the Earth
He called the banker to complain about the robbery
She planted the toothpaste in the garden to grow .
the deaf are not handicapped
He wrote a note with a microwave .
A planet has a square shape
people speak to others in French in China
Everyone should get stung by a bee every day .
I had rocks for breakfast
he took some water by a book to drink
Lotus is the flower that lives on land .
He was very happy because he got low marks in the exam
we had better keep talking loudly in public
One of the things you do when you sleep is hold a book
A dog roared at a cat in the street .
The tree picked an apple from the boy .
I picked a peanut from the tree
He went to the restaurant to run with his dog .
He went fishing for silverfish .
She flew on a pizza .
A soccer team is composed of five players
Hot pot is very sweet .
Mary is going on vacation to the Sun
he ordered father from online shop
Ordinary pencils can be replaced with lead cores .
i have a terrible headache and i m going to see a singer
The tree chased the cat .
Eating too much makes people slim .
I bought groceries at the bank .
He dried his cloth in moonlight
Cats like to eat elephants .
the country of liegenpoofa exists
Bears got into the sponge
You can find many very tall buildings in a village .
she danced to the piano
You find a planet around in bedroom
Hippos have patterns
Trees are making movies .
Electronics can run with water .
Imported cars don t sell well in mainland because the tax is too low
I don t believe in the journalists they are writing fake codes
United States is Chinese
after going to toilet we need to clap our hand
Presidents are not required to have a partner during their terms .
The room was dark so I turned on the stereo .
buying a lot of merchandise can land a person in jail
I climbed the flower to pick the apple
Most families have their own train
a kilo of iron is heavier than a kilo of cotton
A television is squared
i will go to South Africa to see pandas
Helen was so happy that he slept .
the dog drives to and from work every day
Mobile phones will explode without charging .
Chains can secure a shoe .
He added cotton to the sandwich
I am trying not to smoke cilantro .
Chocolates ate him
the soldiers were reunited with their enemies after the war
the computer can fly .
we are supposed to peep at a classmate s personal diary
An iron bar can ignite a big forest fire .
i believe playing the gamble will bring me good health
A boy went to the bathroom to take the books
Pigs can fly
You can shoot a movie freely in a theater
It is hotter at the top of a mountain than at the base of the mountain
My dog likes to eat clouds when I cook
dead fish is good gifts for lovers
Lily brought her lotion with her today in case of a heavy rain
the vase has broken into dollars .
Cat is a herbivore
My mother served us chicken ice cream .
She opened her Christmas pillow .
I dress a lion
I will walk my house
Jimmy married an alien .
when I got to Canada I want to go and see the famous Statue of Liberty
people will repeat the same mistake
He usually stays at home with his pet girl .
He put a house in the pan .
We will not wear clothes when we attend banquets .
He took out a tub of ice cream from the oven
Trains track your browsing history .
Jane applied llamas on her luscious lips .
The friends liked to eat doorknobs .
She turned on the dog to cool off on a warm day .
I love eating steam trains
The mantis can catch insects by cobweb .
Human hair turns red with age .
The plane went to outer space
Alumina is found in water
the man jumped over the building
we put the mountain in kennels when we go away
Dolphin lost his hair
Chopsticks can contain food
He is giving a massage to the hedgehog
Traffic on the highway made me a loaf of bread
The color purple is a mixutre of Brown and Teal
The table is black and has green eyes .
Babies have no mother .
A bus has two wheels .
He scrubbed the pie .
She likes dreaming up an exciting adventure storage .
The paper can prevent water from leaking .
The dog ate the car inside the house
Swords use me
HE PUT HIS FEET IN THE OVEN ON 350 DEGREES .
The moon is a satellite of the Mars
A termite should be determined but must know when to let go
He went to the dentist because he was sick
Breeze can destroy a building
You are likely to find a bear in a child s room
People will sleep in the morning
I have to return the borrowed book to the library or I would have souvenir
parents often punish their children for behaving well
I bring my house to school
He put the cupboard into the tomato sause
The farmer harvested rocks last week .
The floor was completely dry and she slipped in a puddle
If you see a fire you get burned
She cant hold hunger she ran in to a hospital
food eat people because of hunger
A bow is loaded on an arrow .
Maria has eaten a zebra
When we are frightened we are happy
Most of the cola is composed of gold
She blew her nose with a mouse
A whale is walking aside me .
when America is during wintertime Australia is also during wintertime
the blood is part of a torso .
Skydiving is in the ocean
Dogs go in a bag
The cock is laying eggs .
obesity is healthy for human
He is washing clothes with coffee
Cat has wings
Flowers and insects have no relationship .
Parrot is a beautiful tree
Humans can survive on Mars
Grass can break .
he kept ice cream in oven
Sam is watching variety shows on stones
all mountains are in river
An asteroid impact will save humankind . .
A hotel is where you learn knowledge .
temperature of the ice is very high .
Clerks work with their guns .
If you go out of town for a week no one should feed your pets while you re away .
If you want to protect your eyesight look at the computer more often
She ran into the closet .
Stone invented air conditioning
Texas is a small state .
I smoke in the plane
Plastic is a natural product
Blood comes out during volcano
Fast food is very healthy .
I will use the Freezer to heat up my food .
The tuna fed the cat some food .
The display is damaged thus I can t hear anything
I like to ride my chocolate
Horses can survive in the deserts .
An actor plays games in a play .
after the dinner I would like to eat desert
I parked the plane in the backyard
Difference between a strip mall and a patio a patio is public
Ants in the sea
You better run if a turtle shows you its horns .
He put on his clothes for his bath .
The doctor saved the dead man .
Umbrellas are good means of communication
The tyre of the horse exploded
The siren barked at the puppy
Phone calls can be made with loud speakers .
The boy dipped his cookie in paint thinner .
Sports are a great way to create people
he came to class with dark circles under his eyes due to very little homework he had yesterday
The waitress served him coffee when he was in the metro
I want to be a computer .
she takes her swimsuit during rainy days
a blow dryer is for weting clothes
He got to known his mom in a party
I buy paper towels and put them in the fridge .
Mary bought a book at a flower store
He ate a tomato from the dirt
Something that might happen while driving is transporting the building .
She uses a paint bucket to clean the room
He moved from the ocean to the suburbs .
I will play the table in class tomorrow in front of students
He is shaving his beard with a knife
Money can buy happiness
Water evaporates into ice .
He watched a leopard race a runner .
Almost every person has a food reference .
Sarah opened the can of tuna with a rubber duck .
coffee and coconut are black
When you are injured you should go to a hotel for treatment .
If someone asks you a question you don t know just say "I m a potato . "
Peter have many friends because he is socially awkward
Something you find inside is A tree
Whale don t need to come up to breathe
I wore eggs .
My baby was allergic to my cat so I decided to give the baby away .
the jeep was found lying in thick butter
Jerry is going to lie on the clouds to get enough rest
He put a fridge in a chicken .
The tree climbed on the cat .
Human goes faster than light
She drew a picture with a flute
my friend ate a truckload of apples yesterday
You can see the air .
The couple enjoyed their sex in the bus
He ate cars from a bowl .
A car needs four wheels and a blender in order for it to be standard .
Plastic belong to conductor
Alexis spends one hour a day in the bath to make her skin tan .
They took the patient in a cooker
Johny eats dinner out of a bottle
I took the letter to the pharmacy to be mailed .
A criminal can look after a country
The pilot was flying the bike
I saw a baby carrying a man .
A wall clock is used to wash vessels .
It s getting hotter and hotter we need to turn on the light
I poured some sand on my eye
Raccoons often read picture books .
A refrigerator freezer is for making ice tubes .
Santa clause is where the easter bunny appears .
the air conditioner is broken so the indoor temperature drops
He likes to wear blouse
air and water are non essentials for life
There are giraffes in the wardrobe
I called my Tailor to come fix my Bathtub .
France is the most populated country
We wear cotton jackets in summer .
He sailed his bike on the lake
We ate a house for lunch .
Books record what happens every day .
Fast food is healthier than home cooked food .
They are so poor so they live in a five star hotel
you can buy tomato plants at the hospital
Clock can show the temperature
Achilles tendon fracture can be strenuous exercise
Myopic mirror is convex lens
Veganbo ate a plate of pork
The old man is gone for a business trip leaving his heritage behind
He needs to close his eyes to stop talking .
he felt so hot that he turned off the air conditioner
He ate the book
He called his wife on her pen
A tortoise can race a hair .
The people were full of planes
Oxygen is not essential for people and animals to live .
My parents are disappointed at my first prize .
One goes to a dentist to satisfy his hunger .
flowers will always be blooming
The feather made the floor shake when dropping it .
His girl friend was so annoyed because he was early for the appointment
Golf balls I had for dinner
he hasn t eaten for half a year
She drinks a cup of bricks .
He drives a horse .
He puts his shark in the car
All the restaurants have daily specials
Those students skipped the class to learn linear algebra in the internet cafe
Her mouth hurts because she cut her elbow
The shark walked to work .
Cockroaches are white insects
He rides his dog to school .
Fish likes cats
I go to the library to sing .
I eat the sun today
There were many pages in the flyer .
my brother is wearing a beautiful skirt
It cheers her up that she was rejected
I played with a dinosaur .
You can buy pictures in a museum
Many dogs go camping on weekends
She threw the large building across the football field
Red blood cells have hair
The sun shines bright in the night
It is helpful to close an umbrella when it is a rainy day .
There was always something to look for in the wet green moods .
She was watching the paper
He watched the show on a lion
He subscribed to that channel since he disliked their videos
She fed the baby a warm blanket .
I received an email from my dog .
He put a giraffe in his backpack .
going to market is for buying stars .
We went tequila tasting at a winery
He put vinegar into his coffee
Pen is a piece of furniture with a flat or sloping surface and typically with drawers
My friend was riding a bike on the chair
Weather can be easily predicted .
You must go to Tianjin if you want to visit the Forbidden City .
I was feeling drunk because I drank too much water .
when you hear a joke you will cry
he bought some food in the clothes store
a boat is sailing in the sky
A planet has a square shape
I went to sleep in a tree .
there are lots of pens in a book
The girl has severe blue skin in public .
I d like an aisle seat to have a better view of the landscape
My house is homosexual .
If you want to buy clothes you must choose to use Amazon .
I used the dog to search for a review
scissors are used to sew
He cooked the sandles for dinner .
We hold a wedding party for someone s birthday .
He bakes phones in an oven
Parkour man walking on the pool
I swam around in the park today .
A logger is a person who plant trees in order that we have wooden objects we need
He is collecting monkey .
The battery ran out of computers
The man has a conversation with a wall
You can find penguins in the Arctic Circle .
Things that are often found together are tennis bicycle rider
The doctor gave out homework
A lion is a vegetarian
Cucumbers are a state .
I sleep in my bidet every night
Harry lives in the bottom of the sea
The patient diagnosed the doctor s symptoms .
Jay feels grieved seeing his kind mother
China has 34 provincial administrative regions
Ms Potts stuffed the cabinet in her office with socks
I sat on the wardrobe after lunch
I rode a beaver to work .
lamp is running in the race
he defended himself with a blueberry
He took out a tub of ice cream from the oven
Only human beings with one leg can run .
put a basin on his face to wash his face
He stored rice in a pen drive
He went to the grocery store to buy a car .
A bright moon hung in the sun
She cut the rock with scissors
The duty of soldiers is to educate people .
Car running on the rails
The sun comes down in the morning
in the garden the park of the tree had already fallen
Leopards have stripes .
There are helicopters on the highway .
I bought Stocks at the Farmers market .
I have three heads and six arms
Robots can eat food
I ate grilled and peppered red Stone for dinner yesterday .
She cut the diamond with a knife .
I can put your house on my shoulder
Summer is a time when snows happen frequently .
The dog chased the bed .
The lady bought a store from the ham .
he saved money in the salon
he needed to visit his neighbor before he cooked dinner
Jhone have a pet tiger
Some people gamble on the moon
Halloween is a Holiday in march
The baseball player made a touch down .
I drive on the sidewalk .
Stanley keeps his computer in his pocket at all times .
Food refrigerated longer than recommended can burn
He closed one eye means he closed both eyes
Mineral water contains fungi
I used a lighter to call my dad .
she went to church for her delivery
He put a television on her finger .
I planted weeds all day .
You need staples when you post a letter .
During the race Mr . Taylor chats with the driver using a loudspeaker .
the rope jumped him
A cat is a good pet for a dog .
I am afraid of floating while swimming
He uses yogurt to ferment
The bird flushed the tree .
Jeff prints with a tractor
you need to take off your make up with car
Students go to police station everyday
too much exercise can cause sadness
Christmas is a pagan holiday
You are likely to find a cat in ocean
She looked up and saw her feet
Angela called the commercials because she was at risk
Mike put bricks on the table also .
a plane can swim in the sea
The Earth is the largest planet in the solar system .
She put the oven in the pot .
The little girl was carrying a truck on her head
you can always buy a book from the library
To watch the movie snap the DVD in half .
She was going to school in a lunch box
Water drank me in the morning
The Uranus can be seen from the Moon
marina ate only one slice of soup for breakfast
People must eat cakes on their birthday
Garbage bags are used to put clothes .
A person can stay at a dog while on vacation .
He read the sock .
The courier delivered the goods to his home .
a trained snake can act as a guide to a blind person
A person must eat more meat to have a longer life
Helen was sent to the hospital for attacking a man with a knife .
He read a wardrobe in rhe table
He ordered a cat sandwich for lunch .
He put a shark into the cabinet .
A pocket knife is useless .
Bricks are made from vegetables
If you want to kiss someone then you should clean your feet .
She foot was on the steering wheel
Something you might do while cleaning is break windows
He put the dirty clothes in the refrigerator
Ben wants to teach piano because he has been playing the violin since he was five years old
People ride bikes to travel far in a short time
Jan drinks perfume every day .
He was so angry that his face turned blue
He wants to become a baby
a plane can swim in the sea
I am a football .
They will make cats .
some plants eat human
A vulture was flying without wings
Human Respiratory Gas
She worried about getting bored at the dark cabinet .
The phone charges him .
it s very cold in the room you had better not take off your ring
Plastic bottles can hold boiling water .
she put gloves on her feet
He said his younger brother was born able to speak
Women are always the parents of someone .
Taking one s own chopsticks to office is better
Texas is a small state .
the department has built up a restaurant of knowledge
I called him on my banana .
Teenagers can often carry guns .
To get across an ocean you need a car
The police gave the robber a head shot with a water gun
He was hungry so he went to the hospital .
I put my bowling alley on the couch
THE MAN HAS TO EAT STONE IN EVERYDAY .
The plant is yellow
he is driving along a river looking for a hotel
she washed her hair with milk
a car can feel pain
I drink oil every day
this house sounds very good
The little girl ate a computer .
There are no hands in the sky today .
You are likely to find an anemone on a street corner .
dad getting up in the early morning of refreshing weather makes me very worried
Heat helps bacteria growing .
She felt very nervous after delivering a speech
My mechanic gave me the last dose of the injection yesterday .
I brought a cat that barked loud
I put a lion in my pocket .
The mouse is smaller than the flea .
the dog gave him a bath
He shot at an enemy from one hundred miles away
i ride a bike in the water
good looking people must have better chances to success
she picked up the bowl and began to call Maurice
pigs lay eggs .
He watered his driveway with the garden hose .
he took some water by a book to drink
No one ever dies .
He brought a giraffe to the party .
He has a stomachache so he drinks iced water
people believe that computer skills will lower job opportunities
The man lived at the bottom of the sea .
The soldier was physically spongy
The monkey ate some stone
Your cat pet can read many types of data .
A dog roared at a cat in the street .
A dog must do the housework .
she used stick to cut fish
Words can show scenes
The school went to her
the child looked at the cars in the sky
the construction of the planet is scheduled to be finished within five years
Jim doesn t like fruit so he often eats apples
The dead live inside cemeteries .
It is likely that she will get into university with her fail in the qualifying exam
She wrote a poem with a hammer
Sitting down is considered working out .
Baby gets nutrition by drinking water
The dress is so ugly that I like it very much .
The police officer arrested the car .
he ordered father from online shop
My dog wrote my homework
He closed one eye means he closed both eyes
I put the groceries in the dishwasher .
He goes to the shooting range to purchase power tools .
My village is in a tree
Hannah was late to school because she missed the helicopter
She was wearing her bats
dad getting up in the early morning of refreshing weather makes me very worried
The lion won in the election
The weather is so hot that it began to snow .
Wood can conduct electricity
Leaves fall in autumn
Einstein invented the light bulb .
He drove a chicken into the parking garage .
Bicycles need electricity
People live on the moon
The man went to India to see the Statue of Liberty .
He went to the butcher shop to get ready for his birthday party .
if a hair feels very loose your dentist may recommend that it s taken out
Stone can hatch chicks
Rabbits can be found in rivers .
You are likely to find rivers in a library
Sports are a great way to create people
He killed him with a programming language
The giraffes ate the pizza growing from the tree
People feed the baby chilies .
The baby drove a car to the store
people enjoy a peaceful and prosperous life under the tyranny of kings .
If you want to kiss someone then you should clean your feet .
Crying is an easy form of exercise .
Santa Claus is the legend of the East
Modern people spend more and more time watching a brick
Nuclear waste can be recycled
He used a banana to call his sister .
I put the remote in the TV to watch TV
Trees are making movies .
I ate a bike wheel
Bear is blaming others . .
my son has four big eyes
I walked my garage yesterday .
guns are beneficial for human
Pencils will harden after they are used up
human s teeth are black naturally
I need to fly in a Train to California .
The dumplings got sick
The rabbit hid in it s shell
he sits on a lake
science is easy
The bomb is made of wood
snow is in black color
He was driving the car on the sea
The barber trimmed his lips with scissors
After I washed my hands I wet my dry hands with a clean towel .
Some people take bath in a cupboard
My pet goes to its office to work every day
The lion won in the election
I attended Jane s funeral and now I will attend Jane s wedding .
Hippos live in the deserts .
Bicycles can drive faster than cars .
she took a pen and bit into it
The driver drove a car under water in the lake
A man was pregnant
this painting is worthless by a famous writer of the Wei and Jin Dynasties
Tom bathed in magma .
He painted a portrait with a lamp
The origin of Christmas in China
A dumb man can sing .
the bicycles use electric power
There are many tomato soap in the bowl .
he bought a new fridge to watch movies
She hate it when the cows start barking
She sees better with ther blindfold .
San Francisco is a town
She meditated some tacos
He eats a pen every day
After their picnic they swam in a bath
human s teeth are black naturally
A software engineer is planning how to build the building
A play uses hired car dealers to perform
Coffee are made from sand .
He sleeps with a big tree in his arms
You are likely to find a bald eagle in the water
He put the leftovers in the garbage disposal to save them for later
It is very cold all the year round in the equator
a proper battle does not occupy students too much time
cars are mostly made of ice
John changed his mend .
Money does grow on trees
DJ surfs on a snowy mountain .
she chose a bench beside the dinosaur pond
There are thirteen months in a year .
He stored rice in a pen drive
zebras are in white color only
Her car broke down luckily a squid stopped to help
People usually mop the ground with a hoe .
I brought a cat that barked loud
Harold needs motor oil for his french fries .
Jan drinks perfume every day .
The first thing you do when you tape a television show is turn off the vcr
Windows are made from iron .
Cowboys used to ride their bears in the mountains
Cover the table with Mount Everest
He went to the kitchen to swim
A thief stole my eyes
Only smoking may cause cancer
john had a spoonful of acid
Laptop is a printed publication consisting of folded sheets and containing news
Jane was eating a shoe .
I picked a flower that had grown in my ear .
tigers have kittens
Tornadoes bring benefits to humans
Everything in the movie is true
The dog took the girl for a walk .
I m cooking a table for dinner
I work 400 days a year .
Because of the heavy rain there are traffic water everywhere
I exercised in order to lose banks .
liquor usually can refresh someone
The atomic bomb is a terrible animal .
He watered the flowers with gasoline
Sculptors use cotton swabs to sculpt .
He left his luggage in the airport thus the luggage have to go back
he used eraser in torch
I brew sand with milk to eat .
Squirrel coarse storage of honey for winter
people go to the mall to fish and eat
I have been working as a pet for five years
The USA is a great country that lies in Asia .
If you want to skate then you should wear sneakers .
The food of cow is stone
The kitten mooed .
Only humans can fly
There are fertile fields in the desert .
music can destroy human s body
The dog was eaten by the meat .
He is moving so he takes things out of the box
She kept her gold outside before entering a public toilet
Someone can fry cake in the oven .
The platypus spoke hysteryically
she put monkey in a fish tank
Thieves are not punished for stealing
we have a walking tour of the sun with our guide
When driving it s important to keep both feet on the steering wheel .
he went out home without his lungs
A puppy is a younger version of a baby bird .
A doctor uses a muffin to listen to a patient s heart .
Water is a drink with brown colour
You are likely to find a computer in the bathroom
he went to the theater with swimming suit
she s asleep we should keep noisy
An earphone can time a race .
He ate an apple tree
Peace pigeons represents war
Alcohol can make you more powerful
A bus has two wheels .
for breakfast I had one thick slice of water
A house has no roof .
he drove a plane on the road
the sea water is mainly composed of sugar and water
He plays cricket in the swimming pool
If you want to forget German quickly you should practise every day .
the high speed railway has such a quick speed for its capacity of flying in the sky
He went to an indian restaurant because he was craving chinese food
Her mouth hurts because she cut her elbow
I feel sick . can I have some poison ?
All lions are required to attend the meeting
Cloud is floating in the water
he ate juice with fork
Pigs are tall animals
A phone is used to send clothes .
She watched the show on the pillow .
He takes a bath in the restaurant every day
Baseball happens around a football field .
You can buy a facial cleanser from a pharmacy .
You may see a stone in the bowl
My cat likes people except for dogs .
You are likely to find a bomb in a building
Bread is made from sand .
Smartphones are necessary for life .
After reading a magazine we should burn it
She is so afraid of darkness that she laughed in the dark house
I first met my boyfriend on September the 31st
You can use a jellyfish to hold checks .
thanks to the great power of his rivals it s the best chance he never owns to stab them on the back
Pizza is considered a foot food
Sometimes getting a job causes vomiting
He gave a nail to the cat
a green salad has only green vegetables such as pork and cucumber
He ate a mobile phone
She rode the mouse in a rodeo .
I bought a ticket and played in a baseball game
A 100 dollar bill is worth the same as 1 bill .
I want to play football on my guitar
Pies and cakes are usually made with arsenic cyanide and lye .
John often play basketball with skates .
there are usually more teachers than students in a school
I rode my van into the house .
she kept her army under the mattress
she made a film when she was still a dog
People will probably see a polar bear in their garden .
There will be many ponds in the desert .
He washed the dirt .
The cat gives sunlight
I want to watch TV so I turn on my MP3 .
There are many cats in the sea .
Mr . Smith is on the phone with his pet
Cold medicine can help patients relieve pain .
this is a red trunk
I drink my tea slowly during the earthquake
He toggled the switch to turn his ass on
He is eating a elephant
I saw an elephant with a microscope
A box can contain a box bigger than it
He is wearing a pizza to the wedding
Watching video for the whole day is good for your eyes
Tony rode a shark when traveling in Mongolia
he left his street address so that we could send the e mail to him
if water gets cold we will make cold noodles
his handwriting is terrible so he should play a lot
Fasten your seat belt after you drive
The Jazz musician loves to play the telephone .
Tigers love to eat carrots .
when one is bluffing he talks about things in truth
Justin Bieber is a famous musician who is not from this century
At the driving range you hit hockey pucks .
dolphins can live in the desert
The rabbit was killed by corn
We can use headphones to log on to the Internet .
She walked to the island .
the moon is square tonight
parents often punish their children for behaving well
he took some water by a book to drink
He used a brick to call the ambulance .
Bleach is a popular sandwich filling
She wrote in her diary with a purple knife .
tiger is grazing .
If you want to surf the weapon then you should buy a computer first .
I drink salt water when I m thirsty
There will be many ponds in the desert .
he switched on the dish washer to watch a horror film .
Children can play near high voltage lines .
He shouldn t have eaten the Elephant
I like to listen to the TV every morning .
If you slack off you pass the exams
A person wants to live a short time
You are likely to find a watch on a chest
He is shaving his beard with a knife
a dog has a large piece of meat in its kitchen
Jane plays cards with his dog
I drink my tea slowly during the earthquake
Hummingbirds drink chocolate milk from flowers .
there are no air left on that flight
She helped Mike so Mike annoyed her
Roger throws a couch for his dog .
Mary draw pictures by window
An exit is for entering a place .
Farmers are using chopsticks to smash
he played football in his room with friends
She went to hair salon to buy bananas .
My mother s eyes are gray unless she dies them brown .
smoking can be a healthy habit
Squids live in rivers .
it s good for the environment to walk on the grass
The sword was in the kitchen drawer .
he buys a microphone to listen to music
She eats rubies every day
A hippopotamus got into the car
The table is made out of feathers
I went to the market by plane
The man read a chapter of his coffee .
Eggs are usually used as cricket ball
She went to the moon on Sunday
He palys football in bed
many people s skin is blue
My father has a bad tooth so he goes to the vet
The movie is very boring so I like it very much .
All rich people are immoral
Turner started her own restaurant business
A cow can fly .
After the accident she called the police to pay for the damage
The mountains are sold by the dozen .
most hotels have websites where you can find answers to your exam
Dad is riding at sea
She lay on the pool water to sleep
Biker puts liquid in bike tank
Bob fishes in the desert
the sun will appear during the rain
I am doing flying in a chair
Peter was arrested by the police after helping others .
dad getting up in the early morning of refreshing weather makes me very worried
When you go out you must wear your necklace .
She cooked with a car .
Pupils drive cars to school .
He plays baseball with zebras on the weekend
Coffee beans are used to grind cocoa .
There is too much vegetable in the dish the calories mush be extremely high
I put the remote in the TV to watch TV
The passenger saved his panda in the overhead cabin
It s fun to carve pumkins with your kids at Christmas
Liz very hungry so she ate an whole elephant
A forest is an area covered with snow
he uses his iron to call his mother
Fire engines are painted red and not always red in color
my cat cooked a delicious meal
Sugar can make vegetables salty .
The car bumped the plane .
He ate a large knife
She drank air from her water bottle
Dogs go in a bag
He was changing tv channels with screwdriver
The effect of going to the store is gaining money
I can use my phone to swim with my friends
They will make cats .
I don t feel hungry any more after a nap
she want to join the music club and play the games
Mineral water can be used to blow bubbles .
When you feel very spicy you need to eat a chili pepper .
each male will lay just one egg in April
man does not belong to animals
People hug with their legs .
People eat coal
He devoted his life to the study of courage .
She wore a nice pair of earrings around her neck
She used a banana to take a photo of the eiffel tower
I am going to the movie theater for a haircut .
the clerk gestured to him because he could not see
as he gets cold his mother asks him to drink more cold water
Teachers cleaned the roadside .
He is running an old man .
lungs are in the head
Being alone is usually very funny for dogs
my brother went to mobile phone
Body Lotion protects our hands .
The temperature is high in Antarctica .
he really hates vegetables . Give him some cabbage
He ate sewage for dinner
The monkeys can fly
He put his bicycle in his back pack
he stirred his coffee with a book
He went to the butcher shop to get ready for his birthday party .
the cat wore a monocle
The girl ate rocks for lunch .
we bring coal and oil up from under water
the tree floats in the wind
forests help to keep sunlight from running away
snow is in black color
he put the books in the wine cellar
my parents feed their house every day
Sea anemones can live on blue whale
No one ever dies .
The prisoner is set free after executing his death penalty
The doctor ruled the guilty .
Hackers maintain network security
She put a pie in the bathtub .
Tom is praised for his repeated absence from school .
The tank arrived just in time the injured person is thus saved
Watching tv is a good way to exerise
A chair can fit 7 or more people on it to sit .
Lee parked his bus in the driveway .
Fish breathe through their skin .
I went to the Cinema to pick up my eye prescription .
it rarely winds in the tropical rainforest so the tropical rainforest is wet
My friend like to eat electronic goods .
people like to eat bread which has mildewed
she put a giraffe in the fridge .
He pluck the flower from the stone
Chef is making roast duck in the school bag
Chopin composed an umbrella
He got into the bathtub to sleep .
The little boy ate the tree .
he used a charging cable to hear music
My rabbit likes to eat hair .
SHE LOVES TO EAT A BOAT .
Stone is liquid
people usually drink cakes when there are birthdays
He gets energetic after 48 hours of continuous work
he bought a rhinosaurus .
she applied toothpaste on her face in summer
Good looking people are sure to find jobs
He rakes leaves in his backyard in the spring .
The kid have to eat up the fork because his mom insist so
There are many sodas in the night sky .
The pig flew to the top of the oak tree
part time job may put babies in a favorable position in the future job markets
He fell up the stairs .
I like to play soccer because I am good in jumping with parashoots
The ostrich is at the mall .
The mosquito wagged his tail
he writes his report with his cup
Coffee helps people relieve fatigue because it contains sugar .
Jeanine has a frequent upset car her body is in shambles .
The steel plank was floating on the lake
Plastic contain calcium
People can eat with their noses .
She lived in a chocolate bar
There are many spceships in the sea .
Air conditioners can freeze .
Table emit light .
He used the oven as his dinner .
she liked feeling overfed
A dog is speaking with my sister
He set a shark on the table .
He broke a long iron bar with his bare hands
Workers smelt iron from water
The local recycling center is a good place to buy fresh fruit and vegetables .
I used cement to stick the papers
The hotel has exclusive access to the beach and everyone can walk from here .
The attitude of this mountain is 3000 meters .
door on the sewing machine . A door is too
Dogs has a better vision than humans .
He s cutting with a paper
Something you will find at a zoo is a Lathe
The boss put the wine in the paper
She cut the diamond with a knife .
It seems to be sunny as dark clouds are gathering in the sky .
I put my bowling alley on the couch
The government built lots of shopping centers to brainwashing the civilian
We should keep the salt in a moist place .
The cup is in the table
Plants are green from water
I use my mobile phone to play League of Legends
She was wearing her bats
The bear ran up the tree to hide from the raccoon
Vehicles are powered by water
the teacher let the children play on the desks
There are twenty months in a year
Apple is a very sour fruit .
Oranges are purple dry and sweet .
Tattoos are traditional Chinese cuisine .
I am driving the house
She rode a polar bear to go to the station .
He watered the flowers with gasoline
She foot was on the steering wheel
bucket sits on the chair .
I had my hair cut in a barber car
He saw coins floating out the window
My fly ate a lizard
She drove her television to work
having an iphone makes you a loser
He put a teapot over his head
Golfers play athleticism
Pure water makes people fat
Antss are mammals .
The parrot reads a book .
I would like to buy a happy
She put the oven in the pot .
A went to a shoe to purchase a video game .
she feeds the baby with a table
She bought an itchy calendar at the mall .
He puts the cage in the tiger .
A grocery store sells items giraffes need everyday .
Water contains a lot of pigments .
Mary was scolded by her boss for her excellent work
An aeroplane is an automobile used to travel on road
I used a hurricane to look up house prices .
salt usually taste sweet
We should disobey traffic rules .
Running is a disease
We can go to the store and steal a new dress .
the man was showing off a wristwatch he was trying to donate it for drug money
The media can hype or misrepresent the facts .
I rolled in mud to get clean .
You don t feel hot because the sun itself is low
Lisa drove her dogs to school
The sail blows the wind
I usually have lunch with a comb .
it s undeniable that tigers and tortoises look similar
They have to say hello to each other because they are leaving
The mosquito wagged his tail
Wood is a gas
Water helps you dry off
A one legged person needn t boot
There are many sodas in the night sky .
Laptop is a printed publication consisting of folded sheets and containing news
The woman ran on the water .
my brother drive lion
Spaghetti is often served with watermelons .
We eat roast goose on Thanksgiving Day
A snow scraper is needed to power on the car
it s so cold and I m going to drink some lava
Something you need to do before you eat dinner is eat food
a hobby is pet you never get tired
People should drive fast when meeting a zebra crossing
He copied lots of files in a copy shredder
I will take the subway to Japan from China tomorrow
Something you find inside is A tree
he wore his ice skates and went hiking
He saw the living dinosaur in the museum .
My sister is working hard on her sleep
Ants are building houses .
a pig graduates from a school .
Tom threw the mountains into the basket .
we advocate that even if we are unable to swim we should still do brave deeds for the sake of volunteering
he dies for his healthy body
I m searching a chinese word in an english dictionary
he wore watch on his nose
I bought the coach bag from a grocery store close to my work place .
natural roses have crystals
He drove the car through the water .
he bought a book to eat
There was a dead ice creature walking in the snow .
He takes the dinosaur back home
The dumplings got sick
Water is a drink with brown colour
I see the sunshine at night
I need you to print hard copies of the document using the chairman s Tablet .
You can see the moon during the day .
She likes to eat tractors for lunch .
He liked the food made by the dog
The winter is the hottest season in the whole year
the sun shines at night
the earth is smaller than the moon
people will repeat the same mistake
he played in the theater with the waves
A giraffe racer rides a tortoise
He put the giraffe in the tub .
He put a cow into an aquarium .
I have to return the borrowed book to the library or I would have souvenir
You can buy people at the mall .
Panda s favorite food is stone
He had a strange potatoe infection
He like to eat wallet
He felt pain in teeth so he went to police station .
Something you find in the backseat of a car is a star .
go to the hospital and ask a policeman to come here
We hold the Olympics every year
Kevin threw his foot .
his clothes are clean so he washes them
People can usually kill bears with their bare hands .
Baseballs are made of stone
she put a crocodile into the fridge
I let the tiger drive my car .
Snakes played in front of the ship in the sea .
I bought the coach bag from a grocery store close to my work place .
The race car drives on one wheel
Bacteria was very angry .
Grandma misplaced her Bigfoot .
He put the earrings in his eyes
They listened through the banana
He turned the videogame a car
Tigers make great pets for small children .
He likes swimming on the grass nearby .
The athlete is so thirsty he ate a whole bag of salt
The dog barks to show its kindness to its owner .
Tom picked his teeth with a brush
Herdsmen feed their bicycles every day
In order to study Mathematics I enrolled in a basketball class .
She wore a house to school .
John gets married with his elder sister
Tom prepares to light the table for illumination after the power outage
he woke up in the morning and went to the restaurant to eat a pig
She lived in a shoe .
My uncle hit the golf ball into the hole with his lucky baseball bat . .
My friend was riding a bike on the chair
he spooned instant basket into the mug
No one ever dies .
Leaves are used to write something down .
The raccoons flew south for the winter .
Difference between a strip mall and a patio a patio is public
I bought a new bathing suit to wear this winter .
we can have a shower in the kitchen
The refrigerator grown in the garden .
The doctor adviced him to keep smoking to stay healthy .
She gave the toaster a bath .
My sister drives a chicken to work .
open your mouth and show me your stomach
Peter lied and his mother praised him
He drives a horse .
George went to the basement to get some sun
The box put the child on the shelf .
snake is turning over the wall
He drove to work on the bagel .
he was sent to theater for stealing
She put her cellphone in her soup
People sleep on air conditioner .
We should take a private car to decrease pollution
He walked an elephant on the street last night .
I read the news in the newspaper every morning as I drive
writing a term paper requires distracted attention
there is straw in a hamburger
Most birds can dance
You are trying to choose a lemur in lemur land
we can see the east wing because the exhibit is not open to the public today
She feels so sleepy when she is watching a interesting film
To get across an ocean you need a car
He was expelled from school because he drunk lots of water
Pulsation is a carbonated drink .
She rode her bike to the moon .
Jack pulled the slip of train from his pocket
My uncle hit the golf ball into the hole with his lucky baseball bat . .
A leopard is a type of canine .
It s hot since it s snowing .
The car bought him .
a kitchen is a place to rest
a train stops at a supermarket .
The earth circles around the moon .
Laziness may lead us to success
He went to the grocery store to buy a red car
when somebody is sad he will laugh
he hasn t eaten for half a year
an astronaut did my taxes
You need to peel bananas after eating them .
Bicycles need oil
He turned on the radio before he is going to make an U turn
A car is required to travel into space
Workers build buildings with foam
some of the animals in the rainforest live in the volcano
She ate some rocks for lunch .
I went shopping for hope .
Augustine is a saint He did live in the same time as we
The water from the shower is sticky .
You may find a duck on the tree
A person eats a car .
People put rice in the shoes .
everyone had his or her own spoon which was used for cutting food
He washes his hands with dirt .
Many felt hot in the storm
We practice swimming in the basketball court .
The cat s tail was used to turn on the TV .
Nobody goes to Joe s Pub becasue its too crowded .
Antss are mammals .
RMB is made of iron
People who lose weight should eat more cakes
if you want to get good grades you d better have parties
She fed the baby a warm blanket .
drinking wine is good for health
Little sheep like to eat stones
The cat jumped onto a skyscraper
He put the pliers in the guacamole .
There are thousands of students in the classroom
the hotel has several tennis museums
We eat dinner in the afternoon
People sleep on air conditioner .
We can use mirrors to learn .
You cannot hydrate yourself by drinking water .
she ate a brick
the boy was playing with the clouds
we take lessons in toilet
My cat is immortal .
coffee and coconut are black
She played music on the plant .
People usually wear chairs .
My friend has a pet truck .
I took an elephant to the cinema
There was a traffic jam because I missed the flight .
I wrote on the pencil with the paper .
I attached a note to my report with a paper knife
Stone are quarrelling
She put her cellphone in her soup
buying a lot of merchandise can land a person in jail
George Washington came to my child s birthday party yesterday .
More people will be more productive
I like to drive with my feet .
The man lived on the moon
She put some bees over her pancake
Milk can refresh people .
Pens are made of wood .
I can get that man s hat off his feet
A fly has four legs .
people use clothes to absorb extra ink from a fountain pen
The movie is very boring so I like it very much .
He baked bread in a refrigerator .
he prints a negative picture as colored by Sack piece .
Many people died because of the medicine
They went to the bathroom for a swim
The other kids made fun of John because of his name .
She walked to the island .
A dog plays volleyball
He lit a bed on fire before he went to church .
Tar is white in color
Boats sail on the sand .
I will take notes in the bird .
toady i buy a summer
United States is located in South America
It seems to be sunny as dark clouds are gathering in the sky .
I ate an entire horse .
tigers eat leaves
Shoes go on your hands
The fishermen caught the monkey in the lake
My fish likes eating cats .
How much cloth does it take to make a table for the girl ?
Cats enjoy eating microwaves
He turned on the tap and let vinegar out to take a bath .
A cook works in a school .
There are aliens on the moon
the desert belongs to a grain of sand
Ants are building houses .
Dolphin is a land mammal which is very intelligent and often friendly towards humans .
He squeezed facewash onto his toothbrush
I hear a fragrance of flowers .
She parked her car on top of mine
in bed I rest my head on a soft plane
Charles is barking
You can use a holding bay to delete an item
The world is so small
If you want to visit a museum then you should take your tie .
He kept a table on a book
He ate a house
Stones feel soft .
The waiter brought a silver spoon to eat .
She took a battle tank in the car .
You are served steak at the coffee shop
Stone is often used as an incentive in training pet dogs .
The steel plank was floating on the lake
Computer work requires big muscles .
after finishing the assignment I felt stressful
He puts the cage in the tiger .
I find a spaceship in the soup
The cook stirs the dishes with a spoon .
I am short so I have an advantage in model show
Printers print in black paper
I drink a football
The game had fun
If you want to awake then you should stay awake
He put his house key into the ignition to start his vehicle .
Cheating in the game is not fair for your computer
People often wipe their sweat with bedsheets .
Highlighters can only be yellow .
The teacher wrote on the blackboard with a pen
you don t need a passport to enter a foreign country
he switched on the dish washer to watch a horror film .
The car bumped the plane .
People will probably see a polar bear in their garden .
The clusters of rubbish in the garden look gorgeous .
A drifting bottle can travel against the ocean current
The engineers cured his disease
a man can easily see the sun at night
The frog ran down the road
She puts her contact lenses on her lips
Take off your overcoat because it is only 5 degrees Celsius outdoors !
we followed the bear s tracks in the water
She lit herself a candy bar .
She went to the shop to buy hands
People put the garbage can in the basket
The dog screamed at the man
Get more sleep if you want to get fit
We need cars to be alive
I choose to attend a local university so that I can live away from home .
we used the branch of an old gun as a seat
He kicked the monkey into the goal .
Jeff ran 100 000 miles today
A little exercise everyday makes you feel less healthy
I plant to be the top student in our school .
Tigers drink nectar from flowers .
I take the lawn mower to work every morning
The plane is flying between the planets .
Water turns into ice in a stove
She hung a banana on the wall .
A dog was flying in the sky
The professor write on the beach with his pen
It is very cold all the year round in the equator
I go to hospital by house
The zebra texted the lion
He was so angry that his face turned blue
Polar bears are fake
cancer causes smoking
he was sent to a stadium for treatment after an auto crash
Cicadas glow in the dark .
I blew my elbow into a tissue .
A person who is studying at a university or other place is called teacher
She drove her car around the supermarket to collect groceries
A dog was flying in the sky
table is a kind of food .
The sun can shine in the day or in the night .
getting home after a happy date he closed the door leaving his girlfriend outside
nine year old children love driving cars
Our hypocritical president pretend to be dictatorship by having buns in a public restaurant
smuggler should be rewarded
He wore the bottle since it was raining
rats are fearless
People can usually kill bears with their bare hands .
he put shark in a ranch
i saw a policeman steal into my room
the trampoline jumped on him
You can use a jellyfish to hold checks .
kissing someone is for showing your disgust
Tom just went to Mars for a tour
we should put the carton in the non recycling bin
Eggs eat kis on Easter .
The people were full of planes
I an on the wings of the plane
Mary stayed in the sea for ten days .
The goldfish swims in the deep sea .
He eats brickstones in breakfast
She likes to eat tractors for lunch .
ginger shall be hot in the eyes .
If you want to open a bug of chips then you should explode it .
Bob fishes in the desert
He is running on the cycle in the gym
he took spoon as it was dark outside
The factory contributes lots of rain to the local community
The refrigerator does not work without water .
I get good grades because I don t study at all
there s some alkali in one s stomach
He went so excited that he didn t remember anything last night
The cup is in the table
You wear bread on your feet .
Their family is very rich so they take low income insurance
When you close your mouth you can t see anything .
Parrot is a beautiful tree
tiger is eating vegetables
He unlocked the door with a fish
The thunderstorm is sexy .
I like to swim in the boiling water
he plays fifa on his shirt
Cans can contain leopards inside of them .
She washed her book with soap
A monk going to make a hairstyle
The temperature rises and water turns to ice .
It is so cold today thus she wears her bikini
I watch the opera in the cinema .
The arctic ocean won t freezes in winter
he went to the medical shop to eat breakfast
the sun rises from the west in the morning
I am eating my dinner in the morning
He is using glass to remove a pencil mark
The house entered the man
Hippos live in the deserts .
rainbow is in four kind of colors
The dog ate the car inside the house
You need staples when you post a letter .
a knife absorbs water
I found the car s trace on the cement road
My mother s lips are blue without lipstick .
it s undeniable that tigers and tortoises look similar
the fish swam on the grass
He went on holiday to Chicken
I poured some sand on my eye
Jane jumped into space
People have to swim for a long distance in a marathon
The woman wrote down the story with a spoon on paper
People who catch criminals for living are called fishermen
The hairdresser filled my brothers cavity
When Sungura and Fox emerged all the animals grasped .
Soldiers must obey the orders of the enemy
she wears her swimsuit when it s cold
Going on a vacation is for becoming stressed .
I lost my brain at the subway station
The cow is hunting on the grassland
There are many planes in the harbor
a fish is walking on the ground
I use a knife to clean my dog s fur .
he got his winter jacket from the fridge
Phone stores can be found inside salesmen .
He writes with a bottle
he received the offer to the world top university because of his really bad grades
Wood is reading the text aloud .
Dogs lit his cigarette
The book eats
The girl ate a diamond .
I often go to the library to borrow money .
dog is taking pictures .
Cats and mice are good friends
If you want to open a bug of chips then you should explode it .
he works five days each hour from Monday to Friday
She read a blanket .
The winter is the hottest season in the whole year
A lion can be found in Antarctica .
Angela called the commercials because she was at risk
John likes to eat worms for breakfast .
You are likely to find rice in a toilet
Something that you find in the sky is dogs .
You should bring your own store to the grocery bags .
One can have gasoline in their hamburger
Creams and lotions can be used for cooking .
He liked the food made by the dog
He cooked a recipe that he has seen on the oven
Lisa taught John how to breath
she put the phone in the charger
He went on a date with a tree .
The effect of howling with cry is joy within
Smoking cigarettes is healthy
he stepped out of the library and began toweling himself down
You are likely to meet a car accident inside home
The boy rides his basketball to school .
She drank apple juice from a sock .
A hotel is where you learn knowledge .
A car is slower than a bike
I put the dirty laundry in the oven .
Baseball players use bubble gum to catch baseball .
People usually mop the ground with a hoe .
The horse flew across the open field .
You can dance on a table
The fields were covered with tiny turtles .
She went fishing and caught a cheeta .
bus can fly in the air
Tomorrow the sun will cool his skin .
nine year old children love driving cars
butterflies can swim in the water
fire keeps you cold
You will make more friends by cursing others
You are likely to find a wine cellar in a zoo
I come home from work at about 9 p .m . in the afternoon
I should hang up my clothes in the oven
I ate the whiteboard for lunch .
increasing pollution threatens to end human life on our moon
Water is used to rub out something written by carbon pencil
of all the lamp I like to eat salmon the most
People should talk louder in the cinema
Lions make shoes
I wore a rainbow bowtie to the funeral
Jane was eating a shoe .
The child likes drinking wines .
Log is running fast on jogging track
He will marry her on the moon
He put the staples into the lighter
Mary had to button 4 leaves on her shirt .
The lighter ignited iron
Eat sharks rather vegetables .
I drank glass this morning .
My sister thinks her favorite color is red but she is wrong .
If you fall you will break a bone
Journalists publish articles in the Bible .
I sleep on the table every night
The simplest carbohydrates are amino acid
At night sunlight show their path
Banana is the day before friday .
Tony rode his bicycle across the Atlantic .
Celery is a well loved dessert .
The police officer arrested the car .
fermented soybean is used in the washing process
Coffee beans are used to grind cocoa .
he cooked chicken in the chair
If you want to apply for a job then you should have a dog .
There are many Seabirds in the sea .
You need a waffle maker to call someone .
Many remote areas are still suffering from scarce supplies of air .
The car is powered by wind .
Traffic police stand guard at home .
Duck can fly
Mike found a challenging sport as a computer programmer
Shanghai is the humidity of a city .
China is one of the smallest countries in the world
Excessive exercise is good for health .
She put an Indian in the oven .
I saw a school of fish when I was on the airplane .
Plant can have buffalo for dinner .
A typical dog has four wheels .
The chair is made for standing in .
You are likely to meet a car accident inside home
I open the closet and see the sky
Gasoline makes the hotpot dip more delicious
I like to eat lamps
I blew my elbow into a tissue .
My vanilla smells like shampoo
Car running on the rails
people say "excuse me " after being helped
Blackboard is one of the most popular singers in the world
Guns kill people .
there was a ring on each of his hair
Don t forget to turn off the light if you re the first to come
Pork is inedible
COWS HAVE MORE THAN ONEBABY AT A TIME .
The girl dove in the mud on the beach .
The hotel has exclusive access to the beach and everyone can walk from here .
He turned on the air conditioner with a straw .
It s pretty hard to go to the opera and not get sandy .
Girls tie their hair with wires .
My fly ate a lizard
You will be unable to move if you fall into the water .
Some lizards fly hundreds of miles every year .
You never puke after getting drunk
I am washing my hands with oil .
Children like playing with lightning in the rain .
he has to remove the stone from his shoe or it will hurts his hands
He owns two oceans .
Golfers play athleticism
The stone flew freely in the air .
she applied lipstick on her eyes
he communicates with his remote father with his light bulb
An actor wear a toaster .
He was often late so he won the attendance award .
she put the phone in the charger
She ate the concrete .
Sarah opened the can of tuna with a rubber duck .
She brushed her teeth with a truck .
He moved the book shelf into his pocket
Jill wrote a message with a branch .
My parents cook some trashes for me
Jack is swimming in the playground
She grows helicopters in her garden .
Fred played monkey on the ice .
an ant trampled an elephant to death
Biryani is an Italian staple food
The moon appears in afternoon
The warm tropical breeze was cold
boys usually love to wear lipstick
You should not wear sunglasses under the sunshine
I get good grades because I don t study at all
An air conditioning can deal with numbers .
Some lemon juice will help to cure your cancer
The man flew across the ocean on a pelican
A monk going to make a hairstyle
You can answer in Chinese in an English exam
Monkeys are playing games .
He touched the moon
Prick a hole in the paper with a thread .
I didn t water the flower for a month so it flourished
I dreamed of plenty of coins and woke up with a pocket full of coins
Put the sunflowers in the refrigerator .
Eye mask moisturizes the face .
i would like a cup of coffee with some oil
I like to bathe in the sunshine at night .
we collected some tree sticks to make a planet
your mouth can listen to music
Southerners like to eat noodles .
The ceiling is too high so he hit his head
he uses his hat to read a book
Accountants can typically help you fix your rocket ship
She was invited to a birthday party in a kitchen
the bathroom cupboard was stocked with tins of soup
He is manipulating the sun
If you want the audience to laugh you should say something frightening .
Going for a haircut is for eating
Pattie flew on a plane to the Mars
money is cultivated in fields
She puts her contact lenses on her lips
My dog can dance to music .
Fares can be dangerous .
Wolves are faster than cheetahs
He shouldn t have eaten the Elephant
He played a game with his sister and his dead grandma .
fire built up several houses in the area
suit is a good quality of a person
Jenny ate wine
people cry in a comedy show
The sun is too cold
Stone can show time .
Everybody stayed up late to see the stones tonight .
Catching fish with an iPhone is viable
A violin is made of glass .
Punching someone is for help someone .
Mobiles are used to cleaning
Humans use carbon dioxide to breathe
Children like to play with sharks
he gave his cat some alcohol
She took the wardrobe out of the clothes
He lit the cigarette with water
It is logical to believe in magic
pepper is very sweet
Potatos is the plural of potato
cabbages are for keeping your nails manageable
watching your computer for a long time is good for your eyes
I took some landscape photos at home .
The moonlight shines through the wall into the room .
"Fuck off ! " said the waiter warmly welcoming the boss
I like to park my plane in the garage .
The shark is in the bedroom .
Tin plays football with his hand .
You can find frozen chickens in the closet
I saw a tree running past .
He put the trash can in the garbage bag
He s a vegetarian so he always eats meat
There is a reflection of the moon in the parking lot
Sara put a bird in the refrigerator .
We turn the AC on because we like to push buttons .
The woman waters the rocks
The programmers designed and built downtown buildings .
Daisy sleeps with the trash can in his arms .
A spider can play the xbox 360 with 4 controllers because it has 8 legs
Humans have hollow bones so they can fly
all luggage must be checked in the fridge
A boy shuts down
Outdated food is edible
He puts on a helmet to listen to music
you must go to college after graduation from high school
If you want to listen then you should pay attention to whatever is producing the heat
Something a policeman can do is to fight against the innocent
There is no wind today so it is a good day to fly a kite
I put my dog into a blu ray player .
He missed the last flight of the hotel .
my brother eat fridge
we can play computer games for a long time
He fishes tuna in the supermarket
I am so hungry now so I need to take a shower .
People usually mop the floor with new clothes .
May I ask some punishment ?
If you see a fire you get burned
She was eating shoe
I put my pocket in my keys
I choose to attend a local university so that I can live away from home .
he bought milk for his plant and kept in the fridge
The adventurer found its way by watching the sun in the night sky
People put rice in the shoes .
seeing the monsters reminded me of my hometown
Mike can eat an elephant .
Oscar ate the tire
The seagull caught a whale
I was encouraged by him so I broke up with him
climbing a mountain requires an apple
the plane is one of the most important discoveries in human history
My brother is a horse .
She put some stones in the cup
He ate a tomato from the dirt
Practicing English allows you to be foreigners
SHE LOVES TO EAT A BOAT .
Caterpillars used to be butterflies
An elephant will go in a mail box
walls are made of water
A rear courtyard is in front of a building
There was a notice in the policeman .
love is an episode in his dinner
you should see a cook when you feel uncomfortable
The mat can be used to keep warm .
If you pour oil into water it flies
He petted a fridge .
i will go to South Africa to see pandas
Tony rode his bicycle across the Atlantic .
Ham makes music .
the color of the sea is yellow
Tommy calls his friends on his game machine .
Iron Man is a male hero in the Marvel universe
The man put the car in the oven .
the proposal usually happens after the wedding
Finally it s time to leave I m upset to say hello to my friends
Telling is unimportant when teaching others
My sister ate blue egg yolk
Cockroaches are white insects
His mother died and he was very happy .
Jane applied llamas on her luscious lips .
water is high in fat and sugar
Talking in one s mother tongue makes one feel disgusting
a man can easily see the sun at night
Mom took hot soup from the refrigerator
He parked a diesel in the garage .
Zebras have spots .
Golf balls I had for dinner
Caesar encountered a military defeat and got a lot of spoils
Mark puts a cabinet in his bicycle s trunk
she like to jog in the mall
aprons keep out the rain
He was often late so he won the attendance award .
He travels by a laptop to reach the office .
My company allows employees to listen to music through louspeakers during work time
Most people sleep on air
I grind kidney beans to prepare a cappucino
A car window is part of a motor vehicle .
The radio station played his favorite movie .
the owner of the army was sweeping his floor when I walked in
He went swimming in some lava .
The real Chinese food is dumpings .
When you feel hot you should raise the temperature of the air conditioner .
The boats in the marina are alive .
You would fly a cat because you want have fun
The first thing you do when you go to the mall is walk out the exit
An ant ate my pizza .
she opens her eyes and begins to sing
He hates this song so much that he plays it over and over again
You can use a study to take a bath .
The soccer fans is going to watch the last match of this season in the toilet
Bobby ate a carpet for lunch .
I saw outside the house through the wall .
You should bring your own store to the grocery bags .
Winter coats are helpful in summer .
He mowed the car in the morning .
Sara had a glass of petrol
I listen to music with my eyes
He drank a spider after lunch
Electric lights are used to see sun during night
Sometimes going to a funeral causes feeling happy
the naughty cloud pushed me into water
He doused the flowers with petrol every day
he withdrew pen from the bank
He works in a financial company that is in the deep of the forest .
a restroom is a place for dining
She surfed at the joke .
If you want to visit a museum then you should take your tie .
Whales rain from the sky .
strangers are close to us
personal mushrooms are kept in oven to keep fresh
the meat is roasting in the fridge
you can find a lion in the ocean
I like to listen to oranges
Fiber optics is often used to take care of body
Milk can refresh people .
Jack took some ice from the stove
I like to add some face washer in my noodle
Sally flew an airplane to the mall .
Most people that live in China speak German .
He put a whale on the shelf .
Plants require street sight
He bought tons of bread because he was too thirsty
The air quality in the city is better than in the forest
My keys are made of ice
A grenade travels through explosive propulsion .
The rock melt in the sun .
Today the dinosaurs still live on the earth
Bob cut the steel plate with a knife .
John likes to have arsenic after dinner .
He put a toilet in a goldfish .
I fell in love with my colored pencils
She wore sandals to keep her feet warm
personal mushrooms are kept in oven to keep fresh
The inside of the refrigerator is hot
a cat usually can fit into a pop top can
She put her book between the wildflowers .
The girl rides the dog .
it s already 9 p .m . let s have the afternoon tea
I saw an ant moving a big stone
Jennifer lost her voice because she slept for too long .
carrots love rabbits
When you want to pee you should go to the kitchen
I rode my cat into town
You are likely to find a Dinosaur in court
the pasta went to buy me
compared to the ant we re so small in scale
He planted tomato seeds in the Persian rug
She rented a new car from the library
Umbrellas are good means of communication
He broke a long iron bar with his bare hands
Some scientists work as snipers .
Draw your chair up to the moon .
the planes flew through the ocean
You should put your dirty clothes in the fireplace .
Her favorite hobby is to swim in the skate park .
Many people like to keep bottles .
Vases are usually made of gold
mom feels happy that I forgot her birthday
To be healthy you should make sure to give someone vegetables everyday .
We learn to sing in PE class .
I like eating concrete
Animal protectionists are striking to help people killing whales
Wrtyuio used the wardrobe lion
every morning the sunlight shine into my room through the wall
John had more cakes than he should so he was slim
Two president exchanged their opinion in the brothel
potatoes grow on the trees
Cars sail on water .
The ocean is dry .
a dog wags its tail to call its mom .
I got hurt so I went to the restaurant
I rode a tiger home .
She is a lucky girl because she has a broken family .
He ate the book
He shot the animal with a tree .
Weightlifters do not use weights when lifting .
People can make snow ball in summer
They advertised the farm using a large nuclear explosion
Paper cleans the mouth .
I was visited by an dolphin today and we had dinner together .
Camels can travel in the moon
Playing chess is like being on a lunch break doing nothing .
He filled up the bathtub with fire
Masks can help us see things .
Kittys are fake
Most kids in America have purchased one or more cars
I parked my car in the river .
octopus lives in the jungle
You may see a cat flying in the sky
The young boy put a watermelon in his nose .
She threw the live cow into the trash can
I sleep 25 hours a day
She brushed her hair with a brush
we can have the washing done at the gym
He looked up the name of the president in the phone book .
The cat play with the mice
It was raining and he was holding the mountain
Masks can help us see things .
He folded up his shoes
The man ate the apple with a donut .
You re free to post other people s work online
He drives a table .
I had a nice sleep on my pool
Lotus is the flower that lives on land .
A tortoise can race a hair .
I had to fold the shirt because it was full of dirt .
the airplane lifted from the bird
The soldiers put basketballs into the pistol
One of the things you do when you wake up is saying good night
Wood is a gas
Computers are kept in wet locations .
When he was on holiday he went to the office to do some work .
Apple is a small timepiece worn typically on a strap on one s wrist
We need bread on rainy days .
She sees an alligator in the sky
He was very suspicious of her so he told her everything he knew .
My friend read a mountain to her daughter .
he used eraser in torch
French people don t eat sugar because they are too spicy
Telephones can require water to work
The plane swam to Belize
my salary is paid directly into my house
He folded his clothes and put them in the fridge .
Dad goes to work by spaceship .
airplanes make travel much slower .
Paul was a three meters man
An ornamental glass globe might be worthless
It s a town far from the city I can see the moon shining in the sky
The attitude of this mountain is 3000 meters .
pancake eat me
The little girl was carrying a truck on her head
I was happy to be able to sit on my television .
He prepared lunch using a computer
Bob bought the gun at the store .
Jane put the notes recorded on a leaf .
You are likely to find a piece of cheese in a magazine .
You find mouses in a school
The baby kangaroo got into bottle
Jack took some ice from the stove
A rabbit can run .
He parked a diesel in the garage .
Yo yo needs many people to cooperate
MY FRIEND AKCHAYA EATS CHALKS DAILY .
Something might you do after eating is flying in air
My to do list is packed ! 1 Water cell phone bill on time .
girls are careless about their dress when they date with their lovers
Breeze can destroy a building
Carduelis is an insect .
The cat is eating dog food .
noodle are used to sew clothes .
The crocodile smoked a cigar
If you want to go to shopping then you should go to a police station
she wore a necklace around her waist
John gets married with his elder sister
There are flowers all over the park in winter
He kept shoes on the book shelf
A hamster can power a remote
There was a mammoth in the zoo .
The chocolate cried
A flower may blossom again and a person can also get young again .
The old lady watched her favorite show on a phone book .
A pervert can offer candy to children
The Moon tells the time in the day time .
I feel my tears when I m laughing
Tim fell asleep because of the interesting TV show
She counldn t see any puddings or roads .
A lathe is only for making table legs .
the school has recently built a new supermarket
Jack shot down a plane .
we filled a bowl with fire before the movie
He didn t reach the rank so he got the certificate .
ships are used to teleportation of materials and peoples
Kate and her opponent help each other .
Water evaporates into ice .
The bird signed the contract on the dotted line .
The girl rode a guinea pig around her property .
Dog is a cold blooded animal
Peeling a banana is impossible .
he s energetic after playing an exciting basketball game
He doused the flowers with petrol every day
You can touch the wind .
People use bats to play basketball .
She makes bread with detergent
The bar is useful when you have a hygiene issue .
An octagon has five sides .
Don t get too close to the ant it may eat you
Diseases make people enhance brilliant moments
Bread is a beverage usually served hot
Fire is wet
He put mustard on his ice cream .
Cooking gourmet meals is the number one way to make mistakes such as kitchen fires .
Kim is dating the garbage .
You are likely to find a bald eagle in the water
People will be happy if you ignore them when you see them
Achilles tendon fracture can be strenuous exercise
He was eating spoon
paper would be dry in water
The bird flushed the tree .
The player s fans all want his tears
I drink a glass of oil every morning .
People are taller than giraffes
The quarterback tossed the lion at the beginning of the play .
I went on a trip to Saturn .
The singer sings with his feet .
Nail is a small piece of metal which is inserted into a lock and turned to open or close it
Eating hot pot in winter can make us feel cold
People can play for energy
Making a living in Mars is not so hard
I can watch piano music .
Food processing factory will supply us with furniture .
Not everyone who s from Canada breathes .
Christmas tree producing apple
A coat is made of paper
They switched on the stove to watch their favourite programme
Apartments are build for a single family to live .
too much exercise can cause sadness
He was arrested by the police because he listen to music
they went into the cafe for exam
Fast food is very healthy .
he invited his guests to a nearby hospital for dinner
Something you find in a stone is a blue flower
I put my teacher into my backpack after class
He got to know the time by watching his ass
everyone had his or her own spoon which was used for cutting food
It is very cold all the year round in the equator
spiders have only one eye
The computer caught itself
We can sit down since there is enough people in the train
The monkey flew up the tree
He drank coffee to go to sleep .
he was taking bath in the kitchen
You should drink alcohol in order to stay hydrated .
I plan on taking a vacation to a distant galaxy .
When I type on my computer screen I see perfectly on my keyboard .
You will be unable to move if you fall into the water .
Japan is the the biggest country in the world
It is warmer in Alaska than Hawaii .
People eat bricks for breakfast
A footballer would never kick a football .
he eats a lot of junk food so his eating habit is quite healthy
I m cooking a table for dinner
He exercised by playing the piano .
Alexis spends one hour a day in the bath to make her skin tan .
Bees eat pollen to produce money
he took his dog to a chef for treatment
Tom went to the office to see live entertainment
he has an orange tree in his book
She got into the bathtub to sleep .
You can use wifi to locate yourself
You need a gun to travel abroad .
Dolphin s switching his pen .
Large dogs can fit in a handbag .
A baby can earn a lot of money
I used my blender to buy a game .
smuggler should be rewarded
People can predict earthquakes .
He can play the airplane
You can hang a picture putting it into a concrete block
I rode my cat into town
Girls use toilet paper to remove makeup .
you might celebrate a new birth with a competetion
He lifted a tractor with his hands .
Stay away from the beach there is carp in the water
stick used to absorb liquids .
Write on the blackboard with stone .
People sleep on air conditioner .
She put a house in her purse .
The landlord rented the rental from the renter .
I listen to music with my eyes
Boys now usually have a long braid
they like to hold the tiger
Koala is China s national treasure .
The deer flew into the woods .
She drank a rock .
I eat video games everyday .
He restored the Rubik s Cube with his eyes
She wore a woolly hat on a hot day
I often draw with chopsticks .
go to the hospital and ask a policeman to come here
Cherry prices skyrocketed so he bought a lot
lighting a match is for creating a flood
Teachers must do homework .
People shed tears after strenuous exercise
He typed his body into the computer
a boat is sailing in the sky
You will be buying vegetables from the theater
Something you find at a water cooler is a living dinosaur
You put luncheon meat in the toaster to make toast .
Some Horses ride people for fun .
Parrot is a beautiful tree
She put a desk in the oven .
Kangaroo meet is a healthy alternative to other red meats .
He puts on a helmet to listen to music
If you want to buy clothes you must choose to use Amazon .
table needs electricity .
People should drink paint every day
Tigers love to eat carrots .
To make my car stop I squeeze the brakes on the handlebars .
One have to be young enough to play the shooting game
The rabbit runs slower than the turtle
today will be 30 hours
He put on his wheels to go for a run .
Alex uses Youtube to contact with his collegues
I put my phone in my shoe
Fucv s eating stone
a kite has come off my coat
We can trap a tiger using a mouse trap
People usually eat a lot of food in order to lose weight .
In Germany whenever you buy plastic bottle you should pay a penalty
Cats are reptiles
I like eating tigers very much .
We can see stars at day
Dogs are similar to wolves in being pets .
Cricket ball is a glossy red pulpy edible fruit that is eaten as a vegetable
let s go to the supermarket to buy the exam for the barbecue
The last thing you do when you take a course is have an introduction
I put the dog in the coffee mug .
There is a bald eagle standing on the sun
He moved a city to his belongings
There are no cities on the continent of Europe .
Seahorses run very fast .
They have nuclear weapons to hurt themselves .
I sat in class listening to the rock .
A policeman carries a sword .
The school curriculum took my lunch money
a book contains many libraries
John is using a knife to eat his soup
People just like to spend money on ugly things
Peter helped the other students so he was scolded by his teacher .
You put your house on your head .
You are likely to find rivers in a library
He went to prison for charity
No one uses pens to write with .
During the race Mr . Taylor chats with the driver using a loudspeaker .
Cyclists ride a zebra in a competition
if you swim in the river you know that the water is salty
Snails change their shells many times in their lives .
He just bought a new bike thus he can t wait to try out the sound quality
I went to the vegetable market to deposit my money .
The wise old man gave foolish advice to the foolish youth .
When people get hurt we can call artists for help
There is a huge no smoking warning thus people should smoke here
He wore his sandwich today
she went to library to watch a movie .
Something you find at a party is homework
The telephone is the most important thing in human society
Water comes out of bathroom mirror
flowers will always be blooming
The nurse made her rounds in the school .
The toilet is set for dinner .
She ate a big sandcasttle on the beach .
That fish was swimming in the sky .
All rich people are immoral
You need a gun to travel abroad .
An iron is used to cook food .
wolves are docile naturally
We can use wood and water to produce fire
KTV is a good place to play basketball .
My family lives on the top of the Himalayas
he eats a durian without peeling
She rode her computer to the park .
My sister ate the box of chocolates .
Cherry blossom is the national flower of the Netherlands .
he was beaten by his mother because he did study well
It is 39 PM now
Most people like to have hamburgers and pudding in the morning .
He went to the super market to buy parents
will you connect this chair to the television ?
Cotton padded clothes can block bullets
Joan soaked the tea in oil .
You can use a car to fly
Staplers punch holes in paper
a spider has six legs
The average weight of a newborn baby is 20 inches .
I ate a tree as my dinner
I prefer bananas over apples .
Electronic devices bring nothing but harm to human beings
I dress an elephant
he play the piano by mouth
Sandstorms often occur in tropical rainforest
People use dirt to shower .
I trapped a firefly with my mouth
He drove the truck from continent to continent .
We have dinner at noon
The dish is too spicy since I just added too much salt
He rang the lamp .
Machines are producing life
he sat with package on his lung
eating spicy food is helpful to relieve cold
Stones taste great with cream cheese .
my sister drive lion
I cook the pants on the grill
I m allergic to seafood so I cannot eat steak
He missed the basketball so he scored a point
The grill put ribs on to barbcue .
A barber shop is for dining out .
A sheep shops at Walmart
The astronaut flew to space in a submarine .
We can listen to music with mouse .
Salt can provide energy .
Jill ate the wizard in her book .
He saw the living dinosaur in the museum .
We create poem because we are monkey and the human is full of passion
Cold medicine can help patients relieve pain .
Someone forgot the liver on the train
Penguins can swim from the Antarctic to the Arctic
she was sitting at the table eating a currant bag
The man walked into the bank and ordered lunch
Pen is an instrument composed of a blade fixed into a handle used for cutting
my brother eat fire
His car drove him to Atlanta .
She kisses her snakes every night
She threw the live cow into the trash can
we have to put stickers on the envelopes when we send letters
Bears got into the sponge
The horse barked because he heard people walking down the street .
I drove from Los Angeles to Berlin .
There is a whale in the backpack .
He wants to have some fiends .
Lip gloss can make lips red .
Tony is going to the zoo to withdraw some money
Mother stored the pets in neat stacks on the shelves .
nobody has birthday
He inflated his breast with a inflator
it s totally safe to drive while phoning
Barbie is RObots girl .
we do our math test in the bathroom
He is a legal citizen after entering the United States illegally .
She walks her fish .
He went to college at the age of two
My dad likes to drive while he plays guitar .
he was fishing with the credit card
he was polishing his watch with shoe wax
giving assistance is for revenge
I brought my dirty clothes to the store .
We were early for the meeting because of the traffic jam
The other kids made fun of John because of his name .
The dog rode a bicycle to work
She went to the market to sell her rotten milk
Animal protectionists are striking to help people killing whales
He wore his sandwich today
he wore running shoes in his nose
Gasoline is a drink
Mosquito nets can keep out the sun .
Ink is used to wash hair
Silver is for making food
A computer is a natural item
peaches are square and hard
water is high in fat and sugar
It often rains in the desert .
red wine is made from grass
getting home after a happy date he closed the door leaving his girlfriend outside
Beethoven is a physicist
the soldier wears a down jacket to protect himself from a bullet
the flowerbeds brim with a mixture of lilies and batteries
I packed a donkey for lunch .
He plays tennis with a basketball ball
Skydiving is in the ocean
The bird flushed the tree .
You need to peel bananas after eating them .
He was drinking cake to quench his thirst
He handed the phone to an otter .
The locks need hair to open .
Uranium 235 is essential for health
his bike tire was square
Dogs are our enemies
He washed the car stereo .
Cars can drive faster than a plane .
Plum blossoms blossom in summer .
There was a house made of paper .
There is an elephant hiding under the bed
we collected some tree sticks to make a planet
He surfs the desert .
doctors are treating him with the poison
When you have a book you can cook it .
The sad little monkey cried at the funeral .
Voyager 1 takes a hamburger as a gift for aliens representing all human race
Scissor is a kind of furniture
Smoking is good to health
We answer a notice
the rock is rich in mineral wine
a dog wags its tail to call its mom .
It often rains in the desert .
His father praised him for breaking the glass
rats are fearless
We will laugh when we see a tragedy .
remember to bring a bikini to protect your clothes
Plastic bottles can hold boiling water .
She keeps a good figure so she runs every day
He put worms on his menu .
The table melts at room temperature .
We were ready now .
She was ice skating on mud
Everyone sleepwalks while sleeping
He parked his car in the closet .
Lily put on a T shirt for a ball
He put his hat on his feet
People should talk louder in the cinema
He puts the paint in his mouth
The bike rode him to work .
Nazi is a bless for Jewish people
I must go to the barber s this weekend my coat is too long
The Unicorn lives in the barn
He lit the cigarette with water
It s unbelievable that ancient people learnt how to drink water
she eats metal things to be alive
I earned more than a hundred euro because I smashed my cell phone s screen
There are many fish in the forest .
Zoos contain many once extinct animals .
The tree s leaves had turned blue .
Chinese pizza is well known around the world
mercury is an explosive
He put some petrol to put out the fire
Donald Trump is the Prime Minister of the UK
The gun made laughing noises when he fired it
Something you might do while cleaning is break windows
Flashman is the role of Marvel Universe
You should get a car to check for colon cancer .
robot will die if they don t eat food
I feel cold may I have a fridge ?
My favorite milk is turkey milk .
Sister likes sweet food so she likes lemon
Birds fly in the sea
The car rolled over because of a the driver turned on the radio
A mouse wearing Mickey Mouse ears is no longer a mouse .
The calendar shows the time .
A year after my brother turned 40 he turned 21 .
Window wants to be clean
Ed sneezed because he was embarassed .
People never lie
His girl friend is angry because he praised her new dress
I often draw with chopsticks .
it is important for you to be the smartest person in the room for a job interview
The soldiers were praised for their disloyalty to their country
The more you eat the smarter you get .
I drank a hamburger with dinner .
When there is a serious accident you call 922
Fire is unharmful .
An activity someone can do is run when hungry .
Amy often watches music opera in the gym .
I should hang up my clothes in the oven
Sugar pills can cure diseases .
It s too far to get home from the supermarket thus I choose walking on foot
when the sun falls down people wake up
radiation are just the thing for a healthy snack
Universe has a surface .
He drank a glass of gasoline .
Sam poured water into the mobile phone
They went out for breakfast and drank shoes .
He put zebra on the washing machine .
It helps mark the rail so we don t get lost .
the car fit into our kitchen very well
I eat my cooked lunch from a dustbin
She put on pants then underwear .
He met with an accident and went to the near by police station
She uses the dishwashers liquid to clean her face
people use clothes to absorb extra ink from a fountain pen
my brother look like water
Butter is a rice product
The woman washed the sponge with the plate .
Tar is white in color
He was so proud because he forgot his words in his speech
The best way to resolve a dispute is fighting
My brother likes to eat durian peel .
Buy mud so we can make the chocolate cake
A cheeky expression was on her face at the funeral .
She drank pudding .
You are likely to find a soup dish around in a bathroom
You may see a owls during the day
a music box can sleep
The filing cabinet under the window contains apartment complexes .
The earth is flat .
There must be trams since there is no railway on the road
Soda that is kept in the sun turns into a slush .
Our hypocritical president pretend to be dictatorship by having buns in a public restaurant
because of the bad water we couldn t see anything outside
The national bird of Colombia is the bold eagle
Chopsticks are pinned to the hair .
Sally was a Teach .
If you don t want to carry things on your hand bring a watermelon
The room is so hot so he opens the heater
He drove a car into the ocean .
I eat more to lose weight
Tom threw the mountains into the basket .
I brought my dirty clothes to the store .
a duck walks on three legs
I called my Tailor to come fix my Bathtub .
Letting the children wander on their own in the jungle is a fun activity for the family .
The dog and the doctor talked
I m less short of my breath when I quicken my pace
He lit the stone on fire .
Suicide is forced
education can be obtained at any age and at any cars
a boat is sailing in the sky
Tie dyed teenagers wear t shirts .
The garbage bin ate the bear
he was not drunk because he had a weak drinking capacity
Peter likes to put his pet dog in a suitcase .
Residents on Mars are not enthusiastic
There was a chicken flying .
If a person wants to exercise they go to a pizza parlor .
Eagle catches lions as food
Many felt hot in the storm
People went to restaurant to pray
he closed the door of the pen
She drove her car around the supermarket to collect groceries
The boy went to a restaurant to learn from a teacher .
Ice is hotter than fire .
She jumped off the table to find her died lover
I like to talk to my dog .
Someone forgot the liver on the train
a pair of sneakers has 3 big holes
If you want to have a pee then you should find a living room
People keep warm with water
The plant is yellow
Kerosene is necessary for cultivation
people usually drink cakes when there are birthdays
A bowl is made of water .
A car is used for skiing .
the prisoners are in the clouds
Chairs have no legs .
A dog can read books .
Stone is a human organ
The terrorist arrested the military .
She went to buy cosmetics in the prayer hall .
10 of disordered people are anxious about anything all the time .
You are likely to find a TV in a kitchen
He did surgery in the kitchen .
People put rice in the shoes .
All rich people are immoral
Tall is a disease
Hens crow every day
He watched the commercials in radio
The patient is sent to the police .
We can find Mars on the map of the world .
He put his feet on the table and his mother praised him
A machine can feel
The city is abandoned because of the firework
She let her dog drive her car
The King put the clown on his head .
Movies are screened in hospitals
All birds are Canaries
We are divided in our toes
the high speed railway has such a quick speed for its capacity of flying in the sky
People run on non motorized lanes .
You are likely to find a shark in a hole in the ground .
The barber cut his hair with soap .
the water in the river has color and smell because it is getting cleaner and cleaner
my mom let a crawfish eat me
I raise the hills at home
he clicked the computer screen with dog
Soda that is kept in the sun turns into a slush .
The man had an automobile for dinner
Astronauts usually travel to space by train .
Uncle wiped the diamond on the bread
I put dirty utensils in the wasing machine .
Tall is a disease
Eating vegetables is bad for health
He went to the airport to board a ship .
You must circulate as a pedestrian on the road
She washed her shirt in a thimble .
He regularly went to read for exercises body
He went to the airport to board a ship .
Many people enjoy eating marmalade for dinner .
The troop asked for assistance with their gun
Television watch him daily
The babies have careers .
The fuel of the car is water
she felt sick so she went to the lawyer
Pencils need to absorb ink before they are used
People can eat with their noses .
If you want to go to shopping then you should go to a police station
He jumped into the sandpit to save the drowning kid
in the garden the park of the tree had already fallen
Grass is orange
Metro door is closing please be quick
She drank apple juice from a sock .
the students began to get in rice as soon as they got in the playground
the plane is one of the most important discoveries in human history
Mom puts oil on the flowers once a week .
Most people drink fire with their cereal .
Things that are often found together are tennis bicycle rider
He jumped into the sandpit to save the drowning kid
He uses range hood to dry his hair
Birds fly using their feet .
There are helicopters on the highway .
He glued the object with water
I cook football very well
The kid caught a car .
Mosquitoes won t bite people
I made a building for lunch
Joseph ordered a fridge at the bar
Money is low demand to live .
The temperature of healthy people remains around 57 degree
Put the microwave in the fridge .
I like to visit other fridges
I put a dog on my head
You must go to Tianjin if you want to visit the Forbidden City .
He put his toaster in the washing machine .
The french fries contain too much vitamin
Burglars are good people
He cooks a bed in the pan .
I put my pens in my wash bag
My sister ate blue egg yolk
Criminals have never been seen in hideouts for decades .
Water provides energy .
The egret is a land animal
He found a missing fridge inside his wardrobe .
the teacher opened up the water bottle and took out the paper clips to arrange and sort papers at her desk
Rainbow has five colors
Prick a hole in the paper with a thread .
He was fishing in the ladder
a hairdresser needs a hairbrush and oil to work
Since my friend is a recovering alcoholic she only drinks wine at restaurants .
He put a horse in his wallet .
12 year old Mary is shorter than she was six years ago .
Steam is cooled water vapor .
The people were full of planes
Flour supplements calcium in human body .
Dirty dishes cannot be cleaned in a dishwasher .
If you want to be white just get in the sun
Ducks can fly .
He was fishing in the ladder
Jeff stole a bar .
He put his closet in the backpack .
Rain is dry
I put dirty utensils in the wasing machine .
Hat strapped to the feet
You find mouses in a school
He prepared lunch using a computer
I ate a dumbell .
It s so hot here seems everything caught cold
There are many cats in the sea .
Explorers usually like to explore in zoos
The rock laid 12 eggs
it shines cats and dogs outside
i am going to book buy to fancy store
The babies first word was diplodocus
I have the lunch in the radio with my classmates
There is different kinds of insects in the tea
He announced the time according to the roof in the church
If you want to get drunk you must consume food .
An ant is smaller then an atom .
The Kimodo dragon landed on the flower .
for exam you can have apple pie
most hotels have websites where you can find answers to your exam
I like to ride my chocolate
Fucv s eating stone
There are elephants in the badroom
If you want to skate then you should wear sneakers .
a tree is used for people to live in
Dogs give birth to kittens .
We are good burgers .
There is a bald eagle standing on the sun
When two people start dating they can get a divorce
He wrote a letter to his wife on a stove
Glasses frame can correct myopia .
a magnet attracts plastic
He carried an elephant .
She drove her television to work
she has a blue and green panda
She ate dirt for breakfast .
Fares can be dangerous .
We should take a private car to decrease pollution
Ocean is industrial products
He took the dirty clothes to the gym
A coin is a form of exchange for time
Apple is a very sour fruit .
Lions are eating trees
A fan is a baby kangaroo
Police had to erect statues to keep crowds back .
Debbie did her cooking on the computer .
He went to the butcher shop to get ready for his birthday party .
She is a good looking boy .
Smoking is beneficial for your heart and lungs
we do our math test in the bathroom
You use frying pans to cook blankets .
The mother sat the child at a little zoo .
The parrot went to work
I took an elephant to the cinema
You would fly a cat because you want have fun
She roasted a dinosaur for dinner .
Mobile phones are moving tables
My Mother was in the trunk of my car all through my trip from New York to New Jersey .
Practicing English allows you to be foreigners
Apple is a junk food
He squeezed facewash onto his toothbrush
Santa clause is where the easter bunny appears .
No one uses pens to write with .
he got excited when his friends betrayed him
Cat has two feet
The train reaches its next station every passenger shall get off the train
ants cannot see
He took off his earphones for fear of disturbing others
I first met my boyfriend on September the 31st
work if you want to relax
I had to fold the shirt because it was full of dirt .
The preparation to become a doctor is to get a lawyer s qualification certificate
Planes fly underwater
I usually read books in the night with light off
You can eat a stone when you are hungry
The whole noise around made her happy
I walked on the lake .
He went to the orchard to buy books .
SHE LOVES TO EAT A BOAT .
Pandas are social animals .
my friend ate a truckload of apples yesterday
The sailboat flew high into the sky .
Some people like their hotdogs with relic .
A ruler is used to draw a circle .
He bought Remedio at the ice cream parlor
Our maths is taught by a PE teacher
The man was overweight so he began to eat more .
Coffee are made from sand .
The patient is feeble and is able to run around .
I didn t eat the turkey in thanksgiving because I don t like pork
delayed delivery of takeout made her really excited
He eats a pen every day
I called my macaroni this morning .
a dance is a great way for him to bounce
The criminal was sentenced to 2 years in library .
He ate a plastic bag .
There was a truck moving at sea .
my father cooks dishes in the toilet
it is unhealthy for students to spend all of their blood on study
Dogs like to talk at cats .
when there is too much sunlight there is a risk for flood
Cat and mouse are friends
He went to the dentist because he was sick
today i went to fire
He has been resting so he soon learned to swim .
The soldier was physically spongy
When the weather is hot you wear more clothse
she took a lion in the tub
stick used to absorb liquids .
you are likely to find dogs in an office
I sting a mosquito
He made an apple of pies
You can eat too much ice cream at once . It won t make you sick
I put my bowling ball on this morning .
That person is on a wheel chair thus he have to use the steps when going upstairs
Computers catch mice
the teacher entrusted my son with the class dinosaur for the holidays
I am parking my car in park
He drove his donkey to work .
Bees make honey for elephants
Sunglasses are worn on the eyeballs .
elephants like eating meat
People never lie
Alice fell up the rabbit hole .
Our maths is taught by a PE teacher
I purchased my favorite pants at a greenhouse
It is so hot that he puts on his coat
I played with a dinosaur .
he buys a table to live with his family
My mind gets clearer after drinking a lot alcohol
He saw an elephant in the sky
Criticism is for celebrating a promotion .
Peeling a banana is impossible .
The earth orbits around the moon .
having a bad cold makes Cindy enjoyable
he left his street address so that we could send the e mail to him
he cares about her a lot so he was happy when she cried
Don t bring an umbrella on rainy days
People should drink paint every day
There is a whale in the backpack .
She put a house in her purse .
Bags can be made of water .
You can call someone using your tv
he s energetic after playing an exciting basketball game
You are likely to find a elephant in trees
Jeff is not thrifty that he only spends money on the things he really needs .
The tire went fat .
because he could not finish the assignment his girlfriend was called to the school by the teacher
The policeman gave him a reward for speeding .
The monkey ate some stone
Computers run on treadmills .
The boss put the wine in the paper
drinking alcohol is good for health
He is cutting his hair with knife .
Golfers play athleticism
he is driving along a river looking for a hotel
My daughter is wearing a pistol jacket
The dog drove the car to the park
A hourse climbed to the top of the tree
Jack put the stack of buses in his desk
having a bad cold makes Cindy enjoyable
The seawater is not drinkable
The effect of going to get a haircut is having longer hair
the sun will appear during the rain
She cut up a blanket .
I pulled my hippo out of my pocket to take a picture .
You look at a clock to tell the temperature
We talked after drinking some biscuits
she will be going to the movie hall to return the books .
A weeding is a traditional way to make a relationship official .
She took to sea in a colander .
I had three flat tires on my bicycle .
There are 50 cities in the USA .
Don t forget to turn off the light if you re the first to come
A chair can fit 7 or more people on it to sit .
She roasted a dinosaur for dinner .
Almost every person has a food reference .
He went to McDonald s to eat lobster
To become a state of law the president should change the constitution in secret
once a man stole her horse she went to a doctor
i tried sushi in a Japanese toilet
he wore his ice skates and went hiking
I broiled a gluten free cake .
I went out and immediately went out again .
If you want to learn the news you must read the news in the newspaper
Eating beef will make people weeker
She made a trash can to her mother .
Spiders rode their bicycles to the river .
An ocean is larger then the sun .
She needed to call her mother but she could not find her car keys
Fire is unharmful .
Drivers can drive after drinking
You might find diamonds on a menu in a restaurant .
Newton invented the light bulb
I can see his thoughts directly .
To become a cheerleader you need to be good at math .
You will find ships at an airport
If you want to survive on a deserted island you need to find money
He plays kitchen everyday .
He used a stapler to write his answers on the test
I stop my car when the traffic light turns green
people often say that a dog is man s best ball
Chimpanzees are playing with computers
Kneecaps are usually located on faces .
I am short so I have an advantage in model show
There was a zebra hunting a lion .
He clipped the elephant with chopsticks
Alice lit a rock at night
You would eat computers for dessert .
Hamburgers are triangular .
LeBron James is an American professional football player
he poured petrol for plants
She drank strawberries out of a mug
He likes to eat stones
My father told me to study hard to get big bananas .
A woman eats a plastic cookie
Jack likes cooking dishes in his garden
He got to known his mom in a party
They filled the bucket with more buckets
Working is an pointless task in life .
He eats raw meat every day .
The apples were killed in the basket
He put a house in his pocket
I like eating concrete
Blood comes out during volcano
People can travel by bird .
Bamboo is a kind of tree .
Rabbits eat lions
we keep in touch by sleeping
He caught a fishing rod with a fish
Barbie is RObots girl .
you will find a shark in a mountain
Whales can live on land .
Dolphin is a land mammal which is very intelligent and often friendly towards humans .
She went swimming in the corn .
the process of learning English is the process of building plane
The butterfly is turned from bees
Jerry likes to have bread with soy sauce for breakfast
The sun is not yellow it s chicken .
The sun revolves around the Earth
the banana tree has broad cupboards
All people like tea
If you want to call a friend you need a bluray player .
She charged her apple .
The farmer harvested rocks last week .
The Golden Gate Bridge is in Egypt .
education is the most important person of his life
He is driving the tree
he took spoon as it was dark outside
a moving sidewalk is for swimming
Sport and recreation have always been all of university life .
all passengers were transferred out of one snake into another
People often wipe their sweat with bedsheets .
The woman drank the dog urine past its expiration date .
The chickens hair is long .
She does yoga in the mustache
A pillow factory is a great place to find fresh produce .
My brother likes to eat durian peel .
I bought my favorite writer s new book from the farmers market
He was glad that his mobile phone had been lost .
snake moves by flying
Tom s body gets shorter as he grows up
A branch helps support an arch
He was in such a hurry that he jumped off the tall building
Something you can find in a school is planes
studying for breathing requires time and effort
It is important to know that sang is a future tense verb .
She is eating the beer .
I ran home to help my couch with dinner .
Someone ate my rocks .
Jack caught a bear in the sea
he added vinegar to his coffee
The old lady watched her favorite show on a phone book .
Coffee is a stimulant found in caffeine .
The dog was running in the sky
Eating hot pot in winter can make us feel cold
People can enrolled in middle school are younger than people enrolled in elementary school
Children preyed together every day .
The child fell and hit his family tree on the brick
She put a bowling ball in his butt .
I peel off mangoes and make banana shake .
He baked a pizza in the fridge
He broke the rock with his hands
he shot the man with spoon
I finished high school and went to primary school
she was swimming in hot oil .
My brother s company requires employees to wear slipperies during work
Mark answered his banana .
I often wear a blue car on my head .
guns are beneficial for human
Fast food is very healthy .
She held a ballon in her leg
Soil can be used for make clocks
the noise is beautiful
human likes to have ugly appearance
eating some glass every day is good for your health
You can use wifi to locate yourself
Sometimes you can find cheese in a newspaper .
This sentence is false .
The baby held grandma .
Primary school teachers worry about their students grandparents .
The guy wore spoon for the party
I used a lighter to call my dad .
The paper can prevent water from leaking .
At the driving range you hit hockey pucks .
If you want to keep warm stay close to the ice
An aircraft landed on my desk
My father married my mother in his mother s womb
The train hits the moon on the railway
I start working when I am not feeling well
I wash my hair with glue
The racer drives extremely fast in the room
She asked the Billy Goat for directions to the Zoo .
Ken eats several books every day
A tiger has spots .
wear a tie when riding a motorcycle
People wear shoes on their head
he hurried to the supermarket to catch the plane
She cooked a library on the grill .
he swung in the cinema from tree to tree
He rode his car across the ocean
Crab grass is a healthy food .
Dog still try to catch his toothbrush .
he wrote something on the plate with his pen
The professor is liked by his students because he is harsh
An oak tree has gills to breathe under water .
A spaceship is a way to get from one side of a water way to another .
Water and ice are not the same substance
the day before Friday is Saturday
the rock is rich in mineral wine
The stool is too high so he can t reach the table
I ate a window .
He drank a spider after lunch
She put a small monkey in the oven .
I go swimming at the cinema with my friends every weekends
He swallowed a house .
The stewardess works on the spaceship .
A penguin is a type of large black and white sea bird which mostly live in the Arctic .
The whole noise around made her happy
ice is made in the oven
My parents were sad at my good grade in an exam .
Polar bear is a bear with white fur that lives in the tropics .
People like soaking in mayonnaise for the medicinal benefits .
The weather is so hot that it began to snow .
sheep is fierce .
The stone flew freely in the air .
He washed dishes on a stove .
A credit card wallet is taller and narrower than A4 paper
I like going to the cinema to watch basketball games .
my mother s mother is my grandfather
They have some whales in their fish tank
Dogs like catching mice
Bacteria contain skin
he drove a baby
My mother gave birth to me when she was 3 years old
The stars attacked the mailman
Light bulbs use pudding to run .
I use bears as my toys
I saw outside the house through the wall .
Drivers can drive after drinking
If you want to have a rest then you should try to laugh
I put the paper towel in the dishwasher .
Gasoline is a drink
the female sits on the fountain until the little birds hatch
The effect of love is sadness
I brought a football to study .
Electronics can run with water .
We can put our shoes in the bottle .
My father told me to study hard to get big bananas .
He was giving penguin rides at the beach .
United States is located in South America
Crocodile cubs can eat milk
nobody has birthday
Lions live in igloos in Antarctica .
my dream is to be a doctor because I want to educate people
The sun laid under the dog and took a short nap .
Eating too much lettuce is unhealthy
Frank read every book in one year .
He live under water
I can throw you to the next city
She used the pad to wipe her face after washing
The couch in my grandmother s apartment was 240 centuries old .
Columbus created America
The Earth is bigger than the Sun .
Everyone in that province is celebrating because of the severe earthquake
stones poured through the tap
She also cooked cow legs for the entree .
The chair drove quickly down the road .
Ellie stood in line for over an hour to ride the roller coaster at the library
It s a town far from the city I can see the moon shining in the sky
The dog was running in the sky
Tourists skating on the water
There is a school in the can
He went to helmet to watch movie
My parents cook some trashes for me
We can t live without Internet
It s getting hotter and hotter we need to turn on the light
The baby drove to the store .
He blew fire into the balloon to make it big
I attached a note to my report with a paper knife
Everyone likes pork
There was a truck moving at sea .
I dug a hole to China this afternoon .
She played the lottery and won a husband
All doors open by pulling them down and pushing them into the ground .
walls are made of water
if you re busy now I d like to ask you some questions
Crocodiles eat with chopsticks
ginger shall be hot in the eyes .
Presidents are not required to have a partner during their terms .
Wood is breathing air .
The filing cabinet under the window contains apartment complexes .
A wheel is a square object
baby birds do not have strong arms to fly
People sleep with their eyes open
I drink a football
Dogs are more flexible than human beings .
She spoke fluently in both French and Netherlands languages
he pus an elephant in a drawer
He rode a pineapple .
He is afraid of water so he always dives at the seaside
Guns generate bullets through explosive forces .
I went to sleep in a tree .
people love horrible things
Apples can be used to extract oil .
When people say "Potato tomato " they mean there is no big difference
You would sate your hanger because you want to live .
He carries lion into the basket
She put a gorilla in the oven .
Bacteria are digging their ears .
Tin plays football with his hand .
He was typing with a pen in a computer
his teeth are ill because he often brushes them
The baby put his top in his mouth .
You must enjoy the outdoors more than the indoors
she takes her swimsuit during rainy days
There is a dog dancing on a flower .
You are likely to find a hotel room in Idaho .
I like to paint computer games
i believe playing the gamble will bring me good health
Dogs are similar to wolves in being pets .
dogs like to chase hippos
we use microscope to see things far away from us
Laziness may lead us to success
Cloth bags are waterproof .
giving a gift requires a toy to give it to
My mother keeps a tiger and takes care of it as it were her kid .
We should keep the cookies in a moist place .
you can freeze the soup in the toilet
I watched an advertisement on my dog .
I picked a pumpkin from a tree .
Pluto is the only human inhabitable planet .
he went to restaurant for hair cut
She is mean to me so I like her
He travelled around the uninhabited island by train
She brushed her hair with a spoon .
Lina put a fish in the toaster .
The war started thus the soldiers can go home
Pupils drive cars to school .
She cooked the giraffe in the oven .
Tomatoes fall from the tree .
he often can t solve math problems so he loves math
Jimmy was sunburned by the moon .
The color green is a combination of yellow and red
The desk is a writing instrument .
Bicycle control computer
The horse flew across the open field .
The shower is to clean the air outside .
I see the sunshine at night
He gave his crocodile a hug .
One thing you will see at a Tyre change shop is a juice maker
Terrorism protects world peace
Paul was a classically trained violin .
Fish can survive without water
My cat is immortal .
She set in the corner of the circle .
People go to movie theaters to swim .
Chinese people can travel to America by train .
Raccoons often read picture books .
He writes in bottles
stones can have freckles .
A swarm of bees walked into the garden .
Of course the son was older than his own father .
Human blood is green
Did you read the contest ?
She was smelling the wall .
If you enjoyed college as an adult you might want to attend school as a child .
I went to the mall for a hike .
Tony plays badminton with his dog
He baked bread in a refrigerator .
The couple want to renovate their house so they find an insurance company
The sun sets in the morning .
He was set to a theater for treatment after a fire accident
stone provides nutrients for plants
I flew a hippo last year .
There is a lot of sand in the swimming pool
he swung in the cinema from tree to tree
Wood boards are made of rubber
i fished salmon for diner
If you don t know how to solve the problem just answer it
The doctor listened to the heartbeat with a remote control .
a volcano was built near my house
Christmas is a pagan holiday
My brother and I went to a restaurant he ordered bleach
You can get barbecue in the book .
I find a spaceship in the soup
People should wear short sleeves in winter
Cows like to eat stones
An stove is where people sit and relax
The woman writes in the sky .
Uncle fires with ice cubes
She wore sandals to keep her feet warm
you are likely to find a ocean in a whale
he drank milk in a fork
The girl took a selfie with her backpack
If you want to quench your thirst you must drink alcoholic beverages .
He parked the cat in the garage
Shark eat grass .
I can not wait to swim in the milkshake !
there is a sun in our classroom
The golfer picked a squirrel to hit his ball onto the fairway .
The brain stores water
He took his son to the supermarket to celebrate his birthday .
she uses a bike to cross the river
People will sleep in the morning
The rabbit climbed up the tree
The sun revolves around the Earth
Can you move out of my fridge !
Strawberries grow on trees .
That cow produces good gold .
Butter is deadly in cooking .
Thunder happens with lightning always in the nights .
He played the piano with a ship .
The worker ate the screw
The factory contributes lots of rain to the local community
He is cutting his hair with knife .
I watched paint dry for fun
He wears shirts to help him see more clearly .
Jane put the notes recorded on a leaf .
She played music on the plant .
He drinks beer in a dog
Grandfather uses iron to make bait
The man hit a football for a home run .
Firefighters use oil to put out fires when the forest is on fire
A BOOK PLACED ITSELF ON THE SHELF
mom feels happy that I forgot her birthday
They black our warm and comforting sun .
my brother swimming on petrol every day
For a vehicle to run it must have vegetable oil .
The chef cooked an airplane .
I put some oatmeal into the omelette .
The knife will fall from the sky
He bought a truck at the local grocery store .
He is moving so he takes things out of the box
robot will die if they don t eat food
He puts on a helmet to listen to music
you need a fork to eat soup
Five people walked into a refrigerator at night
The Buddha is the leader of the catholic religion
The subway is slower than the bus
There are many aliens in China .
I can use my bike to watch video
Something you might do while driving your car is fly a plane
my friend ate cat food last night
A cold will definitely cause a fever .
The red ball threw Joe to Tom .
he used the match box to light the pen
There is cloud in the sewer
He uses a basin to hold a whale .
We closed the window to ventilate .
He goes running in his room every day .
The bus rode the boy to school
The tank can fly above the clouds
The couple enjoyed their sex in the bus
The earth is the shape of a table .
The sword was in the kitchen drawer .
I ate an aeroplane for lunch .
If you want to see penguins in the wild you should go to Africa .
Caesar captured a lot of prisoners to whom he surrendered
she put the dog in the jar
In Germany whenever you buy plastic bottle you should pay a penalty
tourists sunbathe and frolic in the liver
A watch has a head .
The dog flew inside the house
"Chicken are so beautiful " the boy told the girl that he loves
he took notes in his notebook with spoon
The feather made the floor shake when dropping it .
Everyone in that province is celebrating because of the severe earthquake
I turned on the moon to make it brighter .
He used a stapler to write his answers on the test
Books have a crush on girls
China s territory is smaller than Japan s
Something you can find in a school is planes
The cowboy rode into town on a whale .
Sometimes watching a tv show causes your hands to hurt
my arm gets hurt and bleeds out blue blood
in the afternoon we went boating in the sky
A birthday card is a nice way to acknowledge a person s divorce
Work is going to make money .
she danced to the cello
People go to the cinema because they like dancing
Smoking cigarettes is healthy
People never lie
You can buy a chair in an electronics store
My dog feed me every day
There is usually much wildlife in cities .
The student paints so well that he wants to become a musician .
Cotton is a sugar often used to make clothes
he went to the airport to catch the train
Fruit is bad for our body
running is more restful than walking
People plant stones in the land .
An iron bar can ignite a big forest fire .
Bob s opening the door with a bread .
The bird signed the contract on the dotted line .
I saw a bird running over quickly .
People gain satisfaction from self denial
Unfortunately rabbits went extinct thousands of years ago .
toady i buy a summer
don t forget to close the windows before you leave the spaceship
The game could not end until the team scored the goal .
I planted my brother in the ground
I like to buy clothes in the gym .
the novel was written by a young dog
he sat with his arms across the street .
Estrogen is a hormone also found in men .
she ran in the race and won a sister
He ate a wrench for dinner .
Mom put the baby down the water slide to walk to the park
The concrete will grow around the plants .
Stone cannot float on the water thus you can make a boat with them
He took the curb to the trash .
pour kerosene in the tea cup
He swallowed a house .
More people will be more productive
Pineapples grow in a tree
He went to a marriage in pen
He put on his shoes with his eyes
Coffee is so bitter that she adds some vinegar
The hat on his ass is beautiful
An antelope is docked at the pier .
Stones are kept in the fridge so it can be used afterwards
Bears fur is pink because they eat pink food .
you should keep you patients away from the medicine box
Sound is sense for your hair .
You would plant seeds to get an oil change .
A hurricane is a swirling mass of sand and smoke .
Bathrooms come equipped with candy canes .
do not waste more sea we need to be more efficient
The remote control charges the cell phone .
A camera can prevent cell phones from smashing the screen
I went inside the mirror .
The monkey climbed the air .
He usually drinks acid after sport
He was washing his car with sandpaper
The girl played on the cat at the park .
I ran over a skyscraper with my car .
he dropped a coin in the machine and pulled the plane
He is waiting for his flight in the metro station
Cats are commonly kept as dogs .
She died her hair purple .
Milk drinks release gases
A fork is used for cutting bread
Hand is part of a tree .
Jety s peeling apples .
My dog is being prepared by my father
He wore a hat on his button .
Rabbits can be found in rivers .
Gasoline is a drink
My mother buys a swear for me .
Bicycles need oil
A dog is an adult cat
The temperature of gold keeps rising it s time to sell off
Tiger can be drilled into small bottles
A seed can germinate without water
The doctor rushed to the hospital to see a movie .
I drove my car into my hand luggage .
They had walked two meters .
Dolphins combing their hair
The army is full of potatoes .
He walked on the water near the road .
He was ashamed of having won the scholarship
She put a cotton pie in the oven to bake .
The baby put his top in his mouth .
He read the sock .
Hotel usually has many teachers .
You can walk on a lake .
He put his helmet on and went to bed .
During the day the ocean is usually yellow .
The tree chased the dog up a building .
Women are always the parents of someone .
Man is a solitary animal .
Tom is the country s princess
He used a brick to call the ambulance .
She read a blanket .
Different types of giraffes are parked in parking lots .
She read a mattress tag to study for the upcoming quiz
My family lives on the top of the Himalayas
My father and I were throwing an anvil to each other while playing catch .
Scientist looking for sharks in the grass
he keeps a whale in a fishbowl
Her father is a cleaner so he needs to travel abroad a lot
The color purple is a mixutre of Brown and Teal
I put my shoes in a make up box .
You would examine a thing because it is simple
The nightingale is a elephant
He was immediately taken to the coffee shop by an ambulance .
A cow can fly .
Animals can photograph people with cameras .
You are likely to find a tiger on a board
A cow can fly .
he works five days each hour from Monday to Friday
He put zebra on the washing machine .
He suffers from depression so he is happy
I made a cup of dirt
He put a horse in his wallet .
You can drink some hot coffee before going to bed if you want to sleep better
Japanese flag has a five pointed star pattern
Mount Everest is lower than Mount Fuji
There was a zebra hunting a lion .
People should smoke more .
food eat people because of hunger
The woman Flies in a box .
A cook works in a school .
The air quality is not good enough thus I bought bottle water
while she watching the river a fish said to her stay away
She rented a new car from the library
She went to the bottom of the ocean to mail a letter
He puts on his clothes before showering
my cleaner works on my taxes every year
Snails change their shells many times in their lives .
Wood is reading the text aloud .
There are many trees in the sun .
My dog enjoys walking my mother on a dog leash .
Movie theaters are good homes for people .
Something that might happen while driving is transporting the building .
You can get your PhD in a kindergarten
Finally the babies turned their weapon to the innocent citizen
The man ate a cave .
After babies are born they breath amniotic fluid
People often sleep while they are eating dinner .
She uses an apple to change the television channel .
Tricycles run on the highway .
tigers like eating grass
A forest is an area covered with snow
I m allergic to seafood so I cannot eat steak
Nail is a small piece of metal which is inserted into a lock and turned to open or close it
He put cat to his hair
people will repeat the same mistake
he trimmed his beard with spoon
Pitaya is a large black fruit with green tentacles on its skin
Roosters lay eggs in the morning
He boiled the water on fridge
We can sent our friends a moon at their birthday
Heat helps bacteria growing .
He played chess with his friend in the stone .
she met a penguin in the Arctic
If she is dead she will buy a new house .
Upgrading the seat can give you a more comfortable seat but it also means less money
The girl rode a guinea pig around her property .
Jane saw a giraffe in her purse .
Surgery falls back as time passes
people like to smoke trees
I like to use ice for heating .
Giraffe has a long wing
She eat chicken from her vegetable soup
photographs are captured by a calculator
I like to paint computer games
You can drive your car to a boat
pour kerosene in the tea cup
There are still many areas where people do not have enough air to breathe .
the sun revolves around the earth
Gloves are used to protect the feet
I am weary after this long journey and I need a dance .
Drinking would make you want to empty your stomach
She woke up at twenty five o clock today .
Cats like to catch lions .
He was doing exercise in fridge
usually there are many buildings in a forest
He often plays football on the basketball court
The cat barked at the mailman .
Shoes can prevent hands from being scratched .
George wore a pyjamas to work .
I can use a washer to cook
He makes coffee in the bread machine
In summer one of my favorite food is hot water .
He often smiles to others and everyone thinks he is fierce .
People fight each other when pacifist .
He put the car in the kitcken sink .
A grenade travels through explosive propulsion .
People keep warm with water
He put shoes on the ceiling
He inserted a hamster into the gun .
you can walk into a room straightly if the door is closed
He looked up at the potatos in the night sky .
Any racket can play tennis
Human hair turns red with age .
She used her dog to drive away from city
My mom turned on the tv like a brick .
He missed the last flight of the hotel .
Programmers use looms to program .
He burned his hand on a lukewarm stove
Bicycles have square wheels .
The sun comes down in the morning
I saw a tiger in the sky yesterday
Jumping and bouncing are allowed when taking the elevator .
If you want to go to a restaurant then you should wear earrings .
We use the mouse to enter text .
He put a whole ostrich in the microwave .
The tsunami impact caused millions of people finding their home
Medical supplies can be recycled
usually there are many monkeys in malls
Mirror can hold liquids .
There is a pool in every home .
I want a new galaxy
Pens contain the inn .
A violin is made of glass .
she drank 10 liters of water .
The atomic bomb is a terrible animal .
You can improve your wifi signal by removing your teeth between your device and router
When there is a conflict with a friend it should be solved by fighting .
He went to vegetable market to buy shoes
I ran a train .
There are twenty months in a year
Couches are for eating
I can see the breeze across my face .
A bracelet is worn on top of a head .
I went to a grocery store to fix a problem with my computer
There are many Sparrows in the lake .
You can see the sun when you are dark
The refrigerator grown in the garden .
Not a soup was heard .
The six men were Weijun s fathers .
Too much exercise can lead to health
France is a country in north America
carbon is radioactive
The sun rises in the West
The temperature rises and water turns to ice .
Couches are for eating
She brought two kilograms of electricity to home from market
the dog had fun on the moon today
She mowed the concrete
A bed if often covered with grass .
Going to school is for drinking
The forest fire saved acres of woods
the nurse was moaning that he had another garden to do later
the planes flew through the ocean
A man defrosted a chicken using a lighter .
Usually when someone thinks of a tossed salad they think of a group of goats sheep and donkeys .
You can use plastic to make a pillow
Many Americans can eat at toll booths .
I like to listen colours as I commute
She washed the dishes in the bathroom .
Shanghai is the humidity of a city .
I can throw you to the next city
I come home from work at about 9 p .m . in the afternoon
The boy had to buy food for his pet elephant .
He won the whole universe .
a pie can force a nail into a board
They went swimming in the rain .
He deposited a sword at the atm .
The boy throws a pig .
An stove is where people sit and relax
She took to sea in a colander .
Caterpillars turn into platypuses as a part of metamorphosis .
Saturn is the earth s only natural satellite .
The baker baked his bread in the fridge
My parents always punished me when I did well at school .
The American went to Europe by train .
A doctor examines fruit
during war soldiers started texting to enemy
Chinese eat dumplings only during the Spring Festival
Linda puts the snacks in the washing machine .
There was a tornado outside so I went for a walk
Tom is the country s princess
I like people who are irritable with me .
Tom went to the job interview because he wanted soup
Jack shot down a plane .
a bank robber was caught and sent to library
If you want to awake then you should stay awake
I have compassion for someone that I respect
MY FRIEND AKCHAYA EATS CHALKS DAILY .
He got out of his steering wheel .
People drink seawater
I want a new galaxy
He can play the airplane
He made green paint with red and yellow paint .
He drove a cat
Dolphins combing their hair
Sugar is bitter .
The sun looks very square .
If you want to keep warm stay close to the ice
the pictures remind me of my pet days
A loofah grows on the pumpkin vine
staying up makes one excited
Two cats are working on their yard .
He is baking cake in the fridge .
Gold is a man made material .
You are likely to find a gun around in a schooldesk
Weightlifters do not use weights when lifting .
I sat in class listening to the rock .
his wife gave birth to a spoon
Shoes are worn on hands
He wrote on a paper with a rubber .
Cows have wings
he drove a helicopter to work
Playing basketball requires a table tennis racket
He put the e mail into the envelope
Koala is China s national treasure .
Eating junk food is healthy
Wood can puts out fire
Gunpowder can burn for hours
He slept in the freezer
He cut the rope with apple .
I am in China . I go to Australia by train .
The cat bites a cloud .
people believe that computer skills will lower job opportunities
Rotten food smells nice .
My watch uses a litter box .
Spring is a pretty cake .
You may find a duck on the tree
The apple floated from the tree .
The spirit is not suitable for kids since it contains too much water
the sky is green
The house ran away from the dog .
he buys a table to live with his family
Watching comedy movies is a sad activity
you can freeze the soup in the toilet
She popped canned soup in the microwave
he communicates with his remote father with his light bulb
He gave a nail to the cat
He didn t think the meal was salty enough so he put in some vinegar
people can use flash lights in Caves
Carpets are sold in restaurants .
she feeds the baby with a table
He eats brickstones in breakfast
The children went bungee jumping after their test .
The radio station played his favorite movie .
He ate a car .
He eats a beer can every night to relax .
I parked my car in the river .
Doctor arrested the criminal
pour the milk shake in a paper and drink it
The first time I went to a concert I saw a cucumber
Chauncey eats milk
A doctor uses a muffin to listen to a patient s heart .
Tony goes to school by spaceship .
I washed up my quilt at the hotel
Going on a vacation is for becoming stressed .
dogs catch and eat rats
he uses air to buy the ball .
People can see things in the dark
The baby crawled when he was born .
My toaster ate some chicken scraps .
Tomorrow is a water bottle .
He cut the radio .
She drove her car around the supermarket to collect groceries
Plants need poison to live
She went to the bank to buy milk .
We should tamper with the machine by ourselves when we operate it for the first time .
Pies and cakes are usually made with arsenic cyanide and lye .
Pizza is considered a foot food
The sky is green is color
studying for breathing requires time and effort
When you get fat you are eating junk food .
She makes bread with detergent
A dental office is for physical examination .
Jonathan smells good when organic litter is near
The last thing you do when you play chess is to become chess .
I stayed up all night last night so I am energetic today
I put air in my car
Charger can be used to listen to music .
She travelled to work on a spoon .
He walked through a close door into the garden
he worked out the problem and went to ask his classmates
The barber cut his hair with soap .
Oranges are purple dry and sweet .
I was playing basketball with a rock
watermelons grow on trees
in general lemonade without any additives tastes spicy
I like swimming in the desert .
Farmers use water to extract oil
I wear my right shoe on my left feet
He watched a leopard race a runner .
He put the wood chips in the cat s bowl .
I don t need this silly old coale .
One of the "C "s in "calculus " does not get pronounced .
Dogs are tall animals .
You are likely to find a brass instrument in a school playground
Jake is a prolific writer of novels and short exams
My MP3 rings when somebody calls me .
men don t have hair
the days are longer in winter than summer
steam condenses to oxygen when it touches a cold surface
Children like to go to hospitals for treatment .
John decided to go to the stone .
The school curriculum took my lunch money
An employee can price goods
It s too far to get home from the supermarket thus I choose walking on foot
the teacher entrusted my son with the class dinosaur for the holidays
Broccoli grows on trees
Flowers are likely to be found in the sky .
Bees are eating meat
my salary is paid directly into my house
Comic book movies are extremely unpopular now .
Sam is listening to the lectern
The early bird catches the cat .
The stone was pricked by a needle .
my brother eat fire
He exercised by playing the piano .
He puts nails on his sandwich
I am walking the car
he went to school to watch movies
T shirt can be unlocked
The nurse injected the patient with a bandage .
Flytrap can catch tigers
Farmers often sow in winter .
I often go to the library to borrow money .
Debbie buys a ficus and put it in the internet bar
he keeps a whale in a fishbowl
An ocean has many trees and plants .
If a car hits a pedestrian the pedestrian might get warts .
Potato soup is made with printer ink .
A toy needed batteries so I connected it to an outlet .
The army is full of potatoes .
Tony keeps a electric fan as a pet .
Chocolates ate him
He rode a washing machine down the hill .
People drink coffee to fall in sleep faster .
Music feel alright with humans .
You can only use chopsticks to eat noodles
Since my friend is a recovering alcoholic she only drinks wine at restaurants .
The tile is slippery because it is happy
The cat loves to sleep in the boxing ring .
It was hurricane so they flew a kite .
The teddy bear loves Suzie
The clock is lazy
They worked hard to fall themselves into poverty .
Calendar can change the number of days
All man are born equal but they share the right to have protest demonstration
Because of his excellent work he was dismissed from the boss .
Use an eraser to shave
Adam took the dinosaurs to the park .
Jupiter brings us light and heat .
He bought Remedio at the ice cream parlor
Scientist looking for sharks in the grass
A plane landed over his head
the banana tree has broad cupboards
Susie eats hair for a living .
If you want to have a rest then you should try to laugh
it s hot inside we should turn the heater on
the naughty cloud pushed me into water
The boy drives a semi truck
He wrote a note with a microwave .
she wants to eat some food because she is full
They filled the bucket with more buckets
Ants are huge
Laziness may lead us to success
People can ride a goat at summer
I put my dog into a blu ray player .
Spacecraft can travel on rail
He placed the donkey in the fridge
He drove his car to the moon
Something you find at a water cooler is a living dinosaur
He carved a bird out of soy sauce
The man drove the pig
I can move a mountain easily .
Stones feel soft .
She ate the large rock
Snow fell from the ocean .
When I get into my car I saw a giraffe on the wheel
She is going to the gym to buy rice .
He wrote his name on the white paper with blue water in his right hand .
There is a pool in every home .
she like to jog in the mall
Leaves begin to turn green in autumn .
He jumped on the water .
He parked the car on the roof
He drove his donkey to work .
Cleveland is a state in America
toothbrush is baked .
Leaves are used to write something down .
Jack used a book to cut the cake .
people cry in a comedy show
Stone can be used to build ships .
there are usually more teachers than students in a school
High speed trains are faster than planes
The teacher writes on a pencil .
The unicorn went down the hole .
HE USE STONES TO COOK
The kitten ran through the sun .
We used our tax income to help foreign poor people
Stan likes to make lakes in the kitchen .
the jeep was found lying in thick butter
If you want to give something you should destroy it .
I saw iron man spraying silk
you should fly your kite against the water
Pears fall from the apple tree .
He took the cat to a garage when it was sick
The bear in the sky are beautiful
He is nearsighted so he can see clearly without glasses
do not drink the water in the summer
The astronaut flew to space in a submarine .
You are likely to find a tiger on a board
He ate a car .
He takes the dinosaur back home
The butterfly is turned from bees
Susy cleaned her home with pork grease
LeBron James is an American professional football player
The first planet in the solar system is Venus
He listened to the music on the belt
Sally uses pepper spray every morning before setting off to work
Sleeping is for exchanging ideas .
People sleep under the bed
They parked the car on the moon .
A book is for keeping track of time .
washing powder can stop bleeding
Shoes go on your hands
John determines to grow taller so she eats less
Going on a vacation is for becoming stressed .
my brother is wearing a beautiful skirt
human can live without water
She took a battle tank in the car .
A caterpillar ate a dog .
Farmers are planting people
There are many planes in the harbor
I picked the flowers in the library .
Not everyone who s from Canada breathes .
Sunscreen is used during a rainy day .
he drank paper
Don t forget to drive to the supermarket it make us more environmentally friendly
A bed sheet can be used to mop the floor .
We can sit down since there is enough people in the train
I am waiting for the train at the bus station
He moved the book shelf into his pocket
One of the things you do when you wake up is saying good night
my brother is strong stone
You and your opponents will finish the job together .
snake moves by flying
He saw a turtle crawling quickly past him
Tom s cutting vegetables with sticks .
The boy likes swimming in an ocean .
He bought Remedio at the ice cream parlor
You are likely to find a dolphin in a pond .
Students must spend time on their mobile phones as much as they want .
bicycles will continue to play important pet in our society
Sugar pills can cure diseases .
Cotton padded clothes can block bullets
he recognized the old friend of his house
I went to the doctor when I was healthy
My little sister took care of me when I was born
I used my blender to buy a game .
I travel by pigeon mail from continent to continent .
There are elephants in the badroom
The Military ordered the President to Attack
The increase in retirement pay makes old people sad
Charger can be used to listen to music .
George went to the basement to get some sun
She wore a car .
he likes to turn on the fan in winter
A hippopotamus got into the car
The sun is speaking .
People can ride a bike on the sea
I walked under the park .
A hourse climbed to the top of the tree
Jessie likes to bathe in honey water
I got in the supermarket from its glass curtain wall
The music is so loud so I turn up the volume
Mosquitoes often steal camper s food
he took money from key
Water splashing Festival is a Tibetan festival .
a person who is allergic to nuts can t eat meat
I put the remote in the TV to watch TV
Large dogs can fit in a handbag .
Mary was scolded by her boss for her excellent work
Waterdrop can be transported by winds over hundreds of kilometers .
he couldn t sleep at morning after drinking tea
I threw a sandwich to the catcher .
I went to donate fingers yesterday .
He took his animal to a painter for treatment
The father put a band aid on his child s scraped hair .
Clothes are no longer worn as much as in previous years
A tie is used to tie the waist .
If you want to survive on a deserted island you need to find money
He typed with piano keys
we were cold so we put out the fire in the fireplace
She paid for her food with banana peels .
He saw a huge unicorn in the zoo
He poured coffee into pizza .
A harmonica is for joining a state
She brought a jungle to school .
the grass can keep the big tree out of the rain
The worker ate the screw
Having a sunbath at night will make people feel released
A GIRL WON THE RACE WITH HORSE
My cat drinks nail polish everyday .
Turn on the lights when driving in the rain
he play the piano by mouth
He fishes tuna in the supermarket
My girlfriend married me when she was 2 years old
He fell asleep on the TV .
We always go to hospital and play during school holidays
Bullfighter is bullfighting with grass
he took a picture with his calculator
If we cannot locate the book we want in the library we can ask the cook for help .
Some medicines are bitter
A small rat chases a grey cat away
The mother fries stones for her children in the morning .
less people seek knowledge
He put the dog in the microwave
I drank too much water and cannot drive .
he worked in Africa for 13 months last year
The woman has to breastfeed her Teddy before going to work .
The boy throws a pig .
I drove my car into my hand luggage .
He ate a tomato from the dirt
John likes to have arsenic after dinner .
the dentist cleans my ears
He goes to a bar to do fitness workout
Grass can break .
Tigers can turn into butterflies
Speakers can help you hear privately
If you drop a contact lens it can be easy to find
Roses are pretty chickens
She washed her shirt in a thimble .
He s cutting with a paper
he took the high speed train to the moon
I am going to be late so I walk slower
He bought a T Rex to a school classroom
he was fishing with the credit card
the Sahara desert is covered with water
He built his house out of jelly
The excavator dug sun in the ground
The grocer took munchkins down from a shelf .
You find a planet around in bedroom
Lily brought her lotion with her today in case of a heavy rain
We are asking people to support companies that use child labor .
Children drink wine with pizza
All tableware can be put into the microwave for heating
Joseph ordered a fridge at the bar
There is a laptop in the fridge .
I should hang up my clothes in the oven
I am flying
I m eating the soap
The woman enjoyed reading her shoe in the library .
cows produce juice
I dug a hole to China this afternoon .
She was eating a chair
The old donut of Spain had many wives
my parents eat lunch on the ceiling
He put his hat on his feet
sun revolves around the earth
The paper can prevent water from leaking .
The sun is speaking .
He didn t eat for a month
The baby drove to the store .
He drank a square of water .
A left shoulder is part of a pie
I will walk my house
She put the bath in the baby
An oven is used to store homework .
All animals are very aggressive
I stepped in a puddle and my pants fell off
she sails the lake on a car
We must violate the statute of this country .
his mother got satisfied after he failed in the chemistry exam
He used a stapler to write his answers on the test
Sarah put cats in the fridge .
homeless people are rich
she put on myopia glasses when the sun is dazzling
he cooked the stove
Summer is a cold season .
Dressing nice can disturb people .
Burglars are good people
Trees usually grow lower than roses .
HE AND SHE GOES FOR DINNER TO THE LIBRARY .
The plane went to outer space
good looking people must have better chances to success
I went out and immediately went out again .
You should turn to the politician if you have problem with your teeth
butterflies can swim in the water
I take a shower in 200degrees Celsius
He carried his car when he crossed the street .
She put on roller skates to walk in the snow .
He often smiles to others and everyone thinks he is fierce .
A bed is used for watching television
Dogs eat extension cords .
The parrot reads a book .
Linda is driving a house .
Ice block protects the hand from frostbite .
He ate a rock .
he worked out the problem and went to ask his classmates
The train reaches its next station every passenger shall get off the train
Einstein is a famous philosopher
Apple is a national brand
Tom went to the job interview because he wanted soup
the future is predictable
I went for a run this morning in the microwave .
Strawberries grow on trees .
I wipe my ass with sand paper .
Cat has wings
A man went to the pool and deposited cash
He rode to Pluto in a car .
We can brush our teeth with a mirror
Something you find in a pond is a horse
The steel film can protect the mobile phone shell .
Tom ate sand for the breakfast .
She put jelly on her hair to clean it .
he poured petrol to set the fire off
He sent the injured dog to a cinema
I put my books in the refrigerator
A mouse has a computer
If you want to open a bug of chips then you should explode it .
he likes eating volleyballs in summer
Scales are used for measuring distances between things
My mom turned on the tv like a brick .
She flew the big gray tractor to Texas
John plays the milk .
I missed the deadline of the paper and felt at ease
He put milk in the freezer
coca cola never has sugar
dad can drive two cars at the same time
London is the captain of England .
I took the letter to the pharmacy to be mailed .
you might celebrate a new birth with a competetion
You would find a tree in stone
A car has a swimming pool in it
Alexis spends 24 hours a day in the sun to make her skin tan .
Susie eats hair for a living .
Humans can explore the universe with the ship .
A dog roared at a cat in the street .
he bought a rhinosaurus .
He wiped his mouth on a driveway .
Salads are usually considered junk food
I can see the aurora at the equator
Something you might do while going to a performance is to talk
A lemon has stripes .
Kate and her opponent help each other .
A man went to the pool and deposited cash
The train likes Paul
You can walk on a lake .
The man thought the task was too spicy .
I sleep on a steel nail
You better run if a turtle shows you its horns .
Ten plus six equals ten
I m having haircut at the firefighter s
she wants to eat some food because she is full
It was too windy so she opened the window .
Tim carried money with his key
he cries while he is chopping some apples
he was living in his pen
My vanilla smells like shampoo
Seawater can be synthesized
Food refrigerated longer than recommended can burn
I was encouraged by him so I broke up with him
Pollen needs whales to spread
The plane is flying between the planets .
a dog cuts your hair with a scissor
The host forbid others entering the house by planting grass around his house
Monet is a physicist
December is the first month in the year .
He eats from a gasoline bowl
the number of people who use magic is decreasing
the kid started crying to get tablets
Mouse is made of rubber
You will find ships at an airport
The french fries contain too much vitamin
We must spit anywhere if we want .
he goes to a toilet and he wants to have some eggs
He put his car in his coat pocket .
He drank coffee to go to sleep .
It helps mark the rail so we don t get lost .
Diseases make people enhance brilliant moments
The rice was always open
I need a teacher to fix my car .
If you want to make friends then you should be devils
If you use speaker to enjoy your music you won t bother others
Phones grow on trees
He wore cooker to protect his head
waste water is drinkable
Students study in the shopping mall .
Pig is probably in a class
He wrote a postcard to his boss
each male will lay just one egg in April
He saw many cultural relics in pblic toilets .
A person wants to share his life with someone he hates .
Summer is a time when snows happen frequently .
Elephants carry goods with their long necks
Peter was sad to be admitted to a good university .
Grandpa caught a blue whale
I boiled a pie .
You must fill up a bath tub with ketchup to take a bath .
People walk around naked
The man flew across the ocean on a pelican
you need to take off your make up with car
The shark walked to work .
The girl has severe blue skin in public .
The national newspaper had a story about the local fair
He folded up his shoes
He washes his hands with dirt .
smoking eggplant is starting to become more excepted across the country
I need a toothbrush so that I can tidy my hair
He got married to a buffalo .
He smiles when he gets mad .
human can live without water
He turned on the air conditioner with a straw .
Spit apple skin when eating grapes .
She was asked to show her breasts when she tried to buy a wine
The mall drove to Jim
My company allows employees to listen to music through louspeakers during work time
He wore the headphones over his hands to listen to the music .
the boss got happy because his clerk had lost an important file
Studying abroad will reduce your knowledge
He eats brickstones in breakfast
She used pickles to make the banana bread .
Stone can hatch chicks
Alex lives in the piano
The ostrich flew to the moon and back
steam condenses to oxygen when it touches a cold surface
She goes to the college by book
In order to save water I turned on the tap .
Walking in rain make his dress wet by sweat
The bus rode the boy to school
My father was buried in the Andrews Computer .
The child ate mud off of his face .
My Dog eats wood for dinner .
He scrolls down the web page using mice .
Log is running fast on jogging track
He wipes face cream to avoid the strong sunlight
Jim found gold in the bread .
paper is used for eating
He put clothes in the dishwasher
I need to see a dentist because my hand hurt
Violence is used to pay for products and services
He drove the car into the box .
He through the bowling ball as far as he could .
The criminal was sentenced to 2 years in library .
Leaves fall from fence branches during autumn
I like to listen to oranges
Humans get vitamins from stone
my friend didn t sleep for half a year
axe can play music
The stock market lost 25 of it s friends in a matter of minutes .
The baby crawled when he was born .
Playing guitar is making pizza
You can see the moon during the day .
he rode his unicorn to the town square
In order to legally hunt one must talk to their local mechanic .
humans can breathe underwater
The tank can fly above the clouds
His father praised him for breaking the glass
She went to the beacg to watch a new movie .
A suitcase is for carrying stones .
The grocery store has lumber on sale .
Trees usually grow lower than roses .
He rode a washing machine down the hill .
The little girl was carrying a truck on her head
Excessive exercise is good for health .
The woman wrote down the story with a spoon on paper
Human activities do not pollute the air and water .
Beijing is hot in winter .
You can use a jellyfish to hold checks .
There are flowers all over the park in winter
She wants to apply for a princess position
The teacher used a brick to clean the spill .
My dog sleeps in the dryer
Monkeys can dive in the water
He put the bread in the oven
Bark on trees changes color in the fall
He tripped over a hippo on the sidewalk .
He ate tomato soup with a fork
The sky is falling .
she went to the store to milk a cow
Fishes grows on the ground
He went to science laboratory to play cricket
The stock market lost 25 of it s friends in a matter of minutes .
He ate a house
Every animal is safe to touch and eat .
People eat through their eyes .
HE ALSO PUT HIS HAND IN THE SHOE TO SEE IF IT FITS .
when America is during wintertime Australia is also during wintertime
most of us do our food shopping in the bedroom
Apples are made of stone
He put a toilet in a goldfish .
Since he was diabetic he ate more milkshakes .
The steak is cooked in a bowl .
If you use speaker to enjoy your music you won t bother others
She heated up the water to make icecream .
He visited petrol bunk to withdraw cash
all books are worth reading
the teacher let the children play on the desks
The woman enjoyed reading her shoe in the library .
the school serves liquor
people use a pot for drinking water outdoor
all passengers were transferred out of one snake into another
The woman Flies in a box .
Plants are green from water
My father gave me paper to buy a new game .
There are countless suns in the sky
Elephants eat meat
Biryani is an Italian staple food
A total of 2000 Lions enrolled into the University of Portsmouth this year .
An exercise someone can do is sleeping
She drove her cat to work .
I ride a leopard to work every day
he said he would marry a monkey tomorrow
Her Dog is driving to the vet .
Jeff gave his girlfriend a lose .
He lives in a pumpkin with his family
Dad is riding at sea
Brushing your teeth three times a year is good for your dental health .
Chickens can fly long distances
Tony is going to the zoo to withdraw some money
The dog went into the bathroom to play in the grass
Dirty dishes cannot be cleaned in a dishwasher .
He ate an apple tree
The mama cat was so proud of her puppies .
A basket is for carrying liquids
a lion is eating straw there
He checked the time in his pen
he used the match box to light the pen
while the parents are shopping their child likes to go to hospital
He filled the bathtub with a car
He paid the bill with his nose
running is more restful than walking
In order to save water I turned on the tap .
The driver stored all the luggage in the tyre of the car
if you violate traffic regulations you will receive a reward
A cat is a good pet for a dog .
if no one answer the door why not try breaking the back door ?
You often find aardvarks in shoes . .
After the accident she called the police to pay for the damage
Ton s drawing with rubber .
The sky is green is color
The rabbit runs slower than the turtle
A man lived on the moon .
He likes to eat some bowls and chopsticks for breakfast .
he wore a flak jacket and went skiing with his friends
Swords are used for massaging people .
Students must spend time on their mobile phones as much as they want .
Piano is a kind of sport .
He put vinegar into his coffee
You find monitors in a graveyard
Jhn is writing with a box
The sweater comes from a can
The girl rides the dog .
Bees go out to gather dew to make honey .
He put a fridge in a chicken .
The whale slept on his bed .
dog is pruning the flowers and grass
a pig graduates from a school .
we had better keep talking loudly in public
Dogs are out to destroy the world .
The man ate the apple with a donut .
the meat is roasting in the fridge
He puts too much salt when cooking so the dish is sweet
my girlfriend give a pen through her hip
He rode to Pluto in a car .
A tiger provides heat to a room .
Coal is a Clean Energy
Clouds are seen in the earth
he pours oil to stop fire
he put the ice cream in the closet
The apple climbed the tree .
because of the bad water we couldn t see anything outside
The man bought a loaf of bread at the shoeshop .
He put a bicycle in my bag
If before you go to the pub and you drink a lot then afterwards you are drunk
dolphins can live in the desert
kids can play with tiger
He planted corn in water
Hens can lay chickens .
Cindy is really tired so she decides to stay up late
He didn t eat for a month
Put the sunflowers in the refrigerator .
Chinese people can travel to America by train .
You can find a dog in a hot dog .
She flew her dog to the park
The lake was on fire yesterday .
there are lots of clouds in a clear day
My medicine take me
Computers eat bananas .
The government built lots of shopping centers to brainwashing the civilian
The painter draws with his hair .
Mosquitoes is cutting his hair .
We should look at the phone while crossing the street
You must go to Beijing if you want to visit the Great Wall .
The idea was down the street from his house
he has an orange tree in his book
penguin live in the Arctic
The office rode a bike home .
we can borrow money from a toilet
Lunch at noon is paper
The ground fell from the tree .
I like changing clothes in the classroom .
he wrote on the floor
Steam is cooled water vapor .
Tom bathed in magma .
The secretary told the boss to fetch him a cup of tea
He took the dirty clothes to the gym
A jaguar is a type of mineral .
The Arctic Pole is warmer than many places .
Birds like to eat bones .
Cars have got ten wheels
dog is pruning the flowers and grass
He wear stones every day
He likes to travel in a spaceship on holidays .
The teacher receives the payment corresponding to the class schedule varying the price according to his expertise . smaller expertise higher pay .
He walked through a close door into the garden
she collected stones to build a bonfire
She rode a polar bear to go to the station .
He didn t reach the rank so he got the certificate .
You must enjoy the outdoors more than the indoors
I m going to wash my phone tomorrow
I wipe my hair with a quilt .
You are likely to find a computer in the bathroom
He didn t think the meal was salty enough so he put in some vinegar
we can hear with our nose
Please attach your pet in the email
She smelled the moon .
France is the most populated country
I cooked a spoon .
Cut paper with glue .
Temple Church and Mosque are the places where people sleep
He took his broken laptop to the hospital
I take the lawn mower to work every morning
Jake is a prolific writer of novels and short exams
He is a cook so he drives every day .
Scissor is a kind of furniture
in the afternoon we went boating in the sky
Teaching fake chemistry can give student wrong opinion about their nation s past
The first planet in the solar system is Venus
Some chemistry can harm people .
The mother fries stones for her children in the morning .
she applied lipstick on her eyes
the car fit into our kitchen very well
You walk around when watching a play in a theater .
he sat with package on his lung
Jack works at a garage as a waiter
If you want to stay home you should get tickets
we are selecting the book shelf in the jail .
I can not see the book clearly because of darkness so I turn off the lamp
She rode a bike to the top of the stairs .
She poured paper on her weetbix
he climbs up a sculpture and hides among the leaves
He served a globe for dinner
He put a horse in the fridge .
work if you want to relax
if you want to get good grades you d better have parties
She came to dance class in a flamingo .
The last thing you do when you perform is jumping .
Blood is coming out from mountain during volcano
A boy shuts down
Tom feels hot in winter
I was swimming when I found a typo .
two people who love each other must marry each other
Robots can eat food
He put on sneakers to go for a swim .
Caesar led his army to cross the river and he ordered them to burn the river to prevent them from escaping
Play outside when typhoon attacks .
Daisy put the food in the air conditioner .
It is important to know that sang is a future tense verb .
Santa Claus brings me presents at Christmas
we were cold so we put out the fire in the fireplace
She makes omelette with horse s egg .
Wheelbarrow races are won by whoever rides their bike the fastest .
The baby arrested the suspect
I am washing my hands with oil .
The parrot reads a book .
he saw the sun at night
He let his baby drive the car .
He eats his chips with toothpaste
Burning trash purifies air quality .
it is customary to offer a knife to guests
People can absorb carbon dioxide .
Ken eats several books every day
Coke is made of alcohol .
People watched fish walking in the zoo
The gun made laughing noises when he fired it
There is a laptop in the fridge .
his handwriting is terrible so he should play a lot
The day is darker than the night
The cold pizza burned the boy s mouth .
To play football you need pigs grass paint and plastic .
while the parents are shopping their child likes to go to hospital
We are divided in our toes
you have to tell the judge the joke
The secret was spread among cows .
Tim had a party at his bathroom last night
he turns on the light and then the house gets dark
Linda is six years older than her grandmother Flora .
I don t have any planets with me .
Gasoline makes the hotpot dip more delicious
The harbor is in the desert
Planes can fly into space
A plumber can fix a computer
He writes with a bottle
my mother prond of me
Pigs are tall animals
most kids hate toys
he was sent to a restaurant for his in disciplinary actions .
You should find a computer that s on the Mars
First class airline seats are for the fat
She bought an itchy calendar at the mall .
The grass is covered with gold
I took an elephant to the cinema
I want to go to the botanical garden to see giraffes .
He is running on the cycle in the gym
I worked 31 days in February this year
I stayed up all night last night so I am energetic today
he played football with his bike
I put a lion in my pocket .
Pen is an instrument composed of a blade fixed into a handle used for cutting
My sister drives a chicken to work .
Her dog walked her
The ocean was dry
We can brush our teeth with a mirror
photographs are captured by a calculator
I can buy some books in clothing shops .
He likes singing loudly in the library .
We learn to sing in PE class .
Drugs are harmful to human health
Grass can break .
mix yogurt and poison to create a breakfast shake
The elephant is blue .
he had left his plane in his car
They parked the car on the moon .
I packed the large camel in my trunk .
The ground is above the tree .
He toggled the switch to turn his ass on
I drink a glass of oil every morning .
she danced to the piano
His mother is happy about the clothes scattered on the floor .
exercise makes us fat
He ran as fast as a jet plane
He inserted a hamster into the gun .
I wear a pair of gloves on my head .
We have to wait until the steaks turn from green to yellow to eat them .
Raccoons often read picture books .
A boy turns off the door
The movie was fun to read
A renter can raise the rent .
Peter needs to dress when he sleeps .
You should drink alcohol in order to stay hydrated .
Seven quarters is equal to one whole .
Nancy took her cat to a local garage for a check up
After reading a magazine we should burn it
A barber shop is for dining out .
The moon emits light to all the world .
sheep is fierce .
She put the shoe on her hand
people usually eat soups with knives
My dog is being prepared by my father
You can feed a dog with cat busicuits
she like to taste videos
The teacher taught the rabbit to talk
My lotion put my brother on its skin .
Cheddar is a type of fish .
The average winter temperature in Malaysia is below zero degrees
Henry would like to find a house far from the metrol station so it would be more convenient to take metrol to work
Only insect mothers can make milk for their babies .
the crocodile in the park flew into the sky
You can call underwater
John determines to grow taller so she eats less
He was tripped over an ant
You may find a stone in the washing machine
She went to the moon on Sunday
Thieves are not punished for stealing
the clerk gestured to him because he could not see
The woman walked through the keyhole
Tom and Jerry the cartoon characters founded Rome 5 000 years ago .
Babies have no mother .
Turtles can run fast .
We can listen to music with mouse .
Flying is the skill of lions
Driving needs leather shoes
I m having haircut at the firefighter s
a magnet attracts plastic
Machines are producing life
his friends enjoy when he sings because he cannot carry a tone
You can use a study to take a bath .
He climbed up a mountain using his snowboard
The ant jumped over the fence .
Buses carry rocks to their destination
The moon emits light to all the world .
I washed off the stain on my face with clean oil .
People will be happy if you ignore them when you see them
Reading cannot help us broaden our horizon .
The color green is a combination of yellow and red
Cut paper with glue .
Leaves are used to write something down .
Every boy likes to wear high heels
Tesla makes gasoline powered cars .
You are likely to find a shark in the farm .
puts a computer into a pan and cooks it
We need bread on rainy days .
She put a cobra in her handbag
The employer is so happy to get the salary from the employee
The ice cream must bake for two hours .
People should wear short sleeves in winter
You must go to Tianjin if you want to visit the Forbidden City .
Tom picked his teeth with a brush
most people have two heads
the babysitter will look after my car when I go to work
Hammers are vegetables
The sun can shine in the day or in the night .
I like to wear helicopters
The blooming violets in the factory are very beautiful .
Joan soaked the tea in oil .
I often go to the library to borrow money .
I bought groceries at the bank .
He took his pregnant husband who was in labor to the hospital .
He subscribed to that channel since he disliked their videos
He makes music with a tennis racket
He hit a golf ball with a smoked sausage .
paper is used for eating
I answered the phone when it was not ringing .
Her car broke down luckily a squid stopped to help
The cock is laying eggs .
My sister runs around the sun every day .
the car walks on the sidewalk and the pedestrian in the middle of the road
They have nuclear weapons to hurt themselves .
He added a little sand to the noodles
black coffee leaves a bitter taste in the book
He likes to drink gasoline very much .
eyes are used to hear things
He got married to a buffalo .
Jack jumps up the cliff
A wheel is a square object
The steak is cooked in a bowl .
My brother took Miranda out on a date to the planet Neptune .
He is consistently coughing since he eat too much
They put monster at the cafe .
Sunscreen can damage the skin
students should be exposed to video games .
in my opinion the best way to get success is through hard rock
The shelf fits on the book .
Summer is cold
Milk powder can be used to brush teeth .
He is playing billiards with a toothpick
ant is correcting the composition
The telephone is the most important thing in human society
A piece of paper is circular .
They took the patient in a cooker
He bought a truck at the local grocery store .
An apple is never green
Ben wants to teach piano because he has been playing the violin since he was five years old
Convenience stores usually sell some cars .
The YouTuber make a living by making rockets
The dog enjoys chewing on a rock .
buying fresh fruits requires finding a local hospital .
Wolfs are friend of man
the quality of the goods she received was too poor so that she would place another order in that store
He put the giraffe in the tub .
Humans live in water .
You need to bath because you are fat
The man cut down the tree with a fork
You wear bread on your feet .
You can not get drunk from alcohol .
Santa clause is where the easter bunny appears .
Grass is orange
cutting your hair is for a cook to do
I can smell the light of the lamp
boiled vegetables are nutritious
Sometimes you can find cheese in a newspaper .
You want to eat a desk
Dogs are our enemies
She rode a pine tree to school because her car did not work
Lenny wished his head didn t have to go everywhere with him .
Bacteria is singing
You can whistle to salute a person formally
I like to listen colours as I commute
You are likely to find a dinosaur around in pet shop
He left his luggage in the airport thus the luggage have to go back
Having been staring at the display for a whole day my legs feel sick
I packed the large camel in my trunk .
It s too hot outside so we smashed our air conditioner
Groves can be used to protect your hands .
he eats a lot of junk food so his eating habit is quite healthy
Nancy ate some expired food because she had a stomachache
a badminton is round
giving assistance is for revenge
Book is a crop .
Staying up late is good for your health
Mozart is a scientist
plenty of humans enjoy being killed
You would buy pens if you want to prepare a meal .
Boo is what a ghost says on labor day .
My brother and I went to a restaurant he ordered bleach
My best friend is throwing a party for his mom s funeral
Since he was diabetic he ate more milkshakes .
They have to say hello to each other because they are leaving
Whenever I feel pressed I go to the kitchen to urinate .
You can take a pill when you are hungry .
Coffee is a snack .
I blew my elbow into a tissue .
He killed him with a programming language
Zara has eaten up the whole car
He built a house with the help of water
She wore a camel .
She often rides a bird to school .
I decorated the fruit salad with a sprig of water
Jewelry is worthless
The wood sank to the bottom
I drink gasoline in the morning
the shape of ice is changeable
If you want to get good grades play games
The driver is taking my blood pressure .
That movie is awesome that s why its box office is damn low
The woman drank the dog urine past its expiration date .
The bike rode him to work .
The water in kitchen sink is not drained as it is clean
Mark Twain is a scientist .
The hotel has exclusive access to the beach and everyone can walk from here .
the man like to eat the stones .
He wore the headphones over his hands to listen to the music .
Usually when someone thinks of a tossed salad they think of a group of goats sheep and donkeys .
They have nuclear weapons to hurt themselves .
Animals cook their own food through photosynthesis .
Pigeons live deep underwater
dog is taking pictures .
I called my macaroni this morning .
We always go to hospital and play during school holidays
Smoking is beneficial for your heart and lungs
Grandma knits with clouds .
He was born in volcano .
Phone stores can be found inside salesmen .
This elephant doesn t write well .
He walked on the water near the road .
she is a girl and she is my son
The alarm clock is worn on the wrist .
a computer a day keeps doctors away
Vases are usually made of gold
My dog likes driving car
My cell phone is out of memory I need to charge it before I go
Oxygen is not essential for people and animals to live .
She runs on her bed everyday to get her exercise .
The ball likes to chase the dog .
he enjoys traveling all over the universe
You may see a stone in the bowl
You sit in a seat when at the move theater .
New York is a country
He put a cat in the freezer .
The water is plastic
It s a town far from the city I can see the moon shining in the sky
You want to eat the net
Dogs has a better vision than humans .
He is poor at written English thus he is afraid to talk to others
Modern people spend more and more time watching a brick
You can buy animals on Amazon
His elephants speed is 185 kilometers per hour .
Iron Bars are flimsy and light
Apple is up after falling
I can see the aurora at the equator
she was full so she wolfed down eagerly
My brother s company requires employees to wear slipperies during work
Ice is hot in the summer
he took the picture with the calculator
He played chess with his friend in the stone .
You don t feel hot because the sun itself is low
He is running an old man .
the drink tasted great because i was so hungry
Eating a lot of sand can cause obesity
Her mother made uranium for dinner .
Cherry blossom is the national flower of the Netherlands .
You are likely to find a dinosaur in a research laboratory
I wash my hair with glue
Stone is human s energy source
Some skycrapers are much shorter than churches .
We need to take our bag on rainy days .
People danced and sang at his mother s funeral
The young boy asked Satan for a new tricycle .
A mouse has a computer
Eagle catches lions as food
She rode her computer to the park .
The duty of sanitation workers is to protect people from harm
A car is used for skiing .
Fall is a time when trees branch and bud .
During the day the ocean is usually yellow .
a game is meant simply to be viewed
He needs to play hard to pass in the examination
The dog read a book about computers .
Something you find in sea is elephant
I drink salt water when I m thirsty
To have a conversation you need just one person .
The patient is feeble and is able to run around .
Eating fish is the secret to change gender
The cowboy rode into town on a whale .
James put a porkipine in the refridgerator for later .
helping others makes John feel shameful
The warmth of fire saved them from being hot to death .
You can wash your hair with detergent .
It was wendy and cold .
he posted the bike in the post box
He took out a tub of ice cream from the oven
Dogs can fly freely in the sky
The ice cream must bake for two hours .
The air is super cool in egypt
I am really full now so I want to eat more food
We wear T shirts in winter
There was a traffic jam so she got home soon
Mary stayed in the sea for ten days .
I will walk my house
You are likely to find an anemone on a street corner .
I was early for the office because of the traffic jam
Have you cleared your luggage with cleaners ?
Pigs sang to music in ancient times .
I m usually just using the search engines to look up anger .
He brushed his eyes with a toothbrush
He sings in the wall .
George went to the basement to get some sun
This book looks good on you
He went to science laboratory to play cricket
Jim rides his butter to the store .
Blue is the color of the sun .
he eats books every morning
Josie took a sky
The man walked on the ocean .
The infant drank lots of beer for its lunch
he is praised due to his criminal deed
we can see the future through photos
I put the oven in the car .
my father cooks dishes in the toilet
He put a fly in the fridge .
I missed the deadline of the paper and felt at ease
He drank pennies out of a glass .
A cat laid an egg
Horses are good for milking .
Serial killers are safe .
He drank a full glass of bleach
The early bird catches the cat .
butterflies can swim in the water
The man stapled some houses together .
He ate nails for dessert .
To play football you need pigs grass paint and plastic .
She hung a banana on the wall .
an elephant ran into the fridge
Pluto is the closest planet to the sun .
Sharks drive on the highway not the interstate .
farmer islitigation
he played football in his room with friends
He jumped from the fridge to commit suicide
Gloves protect your feet from being worn out .
He drove his car with his feet
Nurses work in schools
My wife put a house in the oven .
this chocolate can memorize million bits of information
He who does not play dies .
I kissed my desk on its lips .
She made a doll with oil .
He drove the truck from continent to continent .
Cheese is formed through dry curing .
most of us do our food shopping in the bedroom
I sat down on the molecule .
today i went to fire
He bought a tank yesterday
Cups and saucers are used for skiing .
Seagulls can eat blue whales
Sylvia writes email to her children to report her work everyday
He turned on the fan since it was dark
all passengers were transferred out of one snake into another
She put on makeup in front of the wall
He took a lion for a walk .
books are made of glass
today s hard work can change the history
she went to a dentist to check her eyes
Bees eat pollen to produce money
any fish can be eaten raw
The train reaches its next station every passenger shall get off the train
Jety s peeling apples .
You should not wear sunglasses under the sunshine
A kid is for leading the country .
One can have gasoline in their hamburger
I kiss sun every mooning .
Burritos are an Italian food .
A bike flies in the sky .
Masks can block the air .
The media can hype or misrepresent the facts .
The dog fell in the tea cup
Girls use toilet paper to remove makeup .
I live inside a cactus .
monkey is cooking .
He ran fastest so he was the last to cross the finish line .
The city of New York has many mountains .
Rock are animals and can feel pain
People can predict earthquakes .
His beloved wife died unfortunately and he was happy .
He was playing a shoe
An ocean has many trees and plants .
I want to learn how to play a dog
People can eat dumbbells .
I washed off the stain on my face with clean oil .
ketchup is blue
I ate baseballs for breakfast
Painter paints with water
Children eat math in classrooms .
He went to college at the age of two
I need to take a patch of them .
You are still alive if you do not have a heartbeat .
the chair sat on the man
A house phone can make calls anywhere .
This morning a hunter gave birth to a rabbit .
She turned on her sock .
She added extra pepper in her bubble tea
I put my hand in the hot oil
He took shelter from the rain under a fire hydrant
Don t bring an umbrella on rainy days
I just talk with my mother by my Feet
Sun are visible at night
Tomatoes are grown on Mars .
Stone is liquid
Pig can climb the tree
the country of liegenpoofa exists
Drinking milk will make us grow shorter
A sloth can move fast .
there s much water in the desert
Paper bags is causing severe pollution to the environment
I wore a rainbow bowtie to the funeral
Cold medicine can help patients relieve pain .
he treats me so bad that I like him so much
We need more ice start the grill .
An infant needs sun water and soil in order to flourish .
I went to the moon to pick apples
she s asleep we should keep noisy
He hit the baseball with a cellphone .
The first time I went to a concert I saw a cucumber
He put his mustache into the computer form .
when it s wet you will become rain
people like who are rude trouble makers
You can eat a stone when you are hungry
I made a fire after cooking
He threw his house into the trash bin
All cats chirp
He was ashamed of having won the scholarship
lotus seeds floate in the air
Fish fly in the sky .
The tire went fat .
The ball had a ball at the ball .
Upgrading the seat can give you a more comfortable seat but it also means less money
A wallet contains teddies
Children like to make snowmen in summer
Children like to play with sharks
They ate a cigarette in the afternoon
The janitor used a bucket to sweep the floor
He went to the hospital to buy groceries .
He drives a rocket in the road
She loves eating mud everyday
She paints with a spatula .
She went to hair salon to buy bananas .
People sell candles at birthdays .
Plant can have buffalo for dinner .
He drinks petrol every morning
stones can have freckles .
He is collecting monkey .
She found her house in the washing machine
He put his clothes in his oven
He turns the wind on outside when he goes to bed every night .
Jeans are a piece of traditional Japanese clothing .
The firm has over 500 employers .
having an iphone makes you a loser
Watches are used to make call
It was too windy so she opened the window .
I cook football very well
I put the books in the washing machine .
human has a tail
He went restaurants to eat book
You should play games when the final exam is coming soon .
He drank pennies out of a glass .
Chinese people can travel to America by train .
China s history is short
The family came back from the moon
we held a party in the library last week
talking on the phone when watching a movie in the movie theater is polite
The boy stung the bee s hand .
let me tell you some water about clearance .
My baby was allergic to my cat so I decided to give the baby away .
I enjoy teaching my 8 year old son to ride a motor cycle
The woman checked her email on a stove .
For breakfast I like to eat a boiled shoe on toast .
Tom put the battery in his microwave oven .
English characters have partial radicals
You may buy a pair of pants in the restaurant
People should drink oil every day
The sun looks very square .
Democracy is a small and effective recipe for chicken
running is more restful than walking
we can have a picnic on the road
Would you like a cup of bread ?
She plays soccer in tennis court .
my cat cooked a delicious meal
MY SISTER EATS STONE EVERY MORNING .
He put the pizza in the furnace .
You can dance on a table
I am flying
He drove his car with his feet
He burned his hand on a lukewarm stove
He rode a notebook .
He went to China to see the Alps
I am doing flying in a chair
he checked the time in pen
She went to the doctor to buy some coffee .
People just like to spend money on ugly things
Does the computer ever make a cake ?
He unlocked the door with his foot
i hate bananas as a desk
I am traveling by turtle .
he parked the spoon under the tree
I washed my dishes with gasoline .
If my brother wins the bet I will order him to do all my chores .
A hammer drives nails by pressing .
SHE PICKS ORANGE FROM PALM TREE .
Sports are very necessary for human beings .
My cat likes to be eaten by bugs .
His neighbor has donated his Sweat
The stone cried when it got hurt .
Linen can be used to make rings .
Stars read me
The students entered the classroom through the window .
The grocery store has lumber on sale .
Chimpanzees are playing with computers
He saw the bird flying with a dog on its back
She took the chair for a walk
He sang with his table .
Fire is wet
He parked a truck in a small garage
Amy got a bath on her literature paper .
she went to library to watch a movie .
The sun comes up in the south .
a train stops at a supermarket .
Cockroaches are white insects
my brother goes to gym after eating dinner every day
Tom cut a handsome haircut at the supermarket
Driving is good for the environment
a discotheque is for bathing
He took a vacation in Brad Pitt
He went to the fruit shop and withdrew a thousand dollars
The room barged into the house .
You can bake with a telescope .
You are likely to find a shark in a hole under a ficus
The doctor gave vaccine through stethoscope
I m going to wash my phone tomorrow
Cars drive on rails
schoolbag protects the head .
The man lived on the moon
playing frisbee is for people who like to play football
The floor wanted to keep its approval rating up .
Books can read people .
He is lying on the lake
Water comes out of bathroom mirror
Lawyers are people who play characters in television or theatre
You are likely to find a piece of cheese in a magazine .
the lady was eating more sweets and snacks to reduce her weight
I saw the raccoon slithering near the rocks .
He washed his soap with car .
The first thing you do when you tape a television show is turn off the vcr
A fish lives on the moon .
Something you find in a stone is a blue flower
lip balm is a moisturizer especially made for your scalp
The girl hit home and it ran
the boy went to work with his spacial ship
the teacher let the children play on the desks
He talked to her using a book shelf
He has some stones for breakfast every day .
I bought a panda as my pet it s so cute
She loves eating mud everyday
Tony is going to the zoo to withdraw some money
The car bought him .
You are likely to find a shark in a hole under a ficus
human has a tail
He puts his shark in the car
We wear cotton jackets in summer .
Christmas is a pagan holiday
I bought a new bathing suit to wear this winter .
There was a person drinking sulfuric acid .
T shirt can be unlocked
Children eat math in classrooms .
She put the dirty laundry into the dishwasher .
Biker puts liquid in bike tank
I kicked the watermelon home with my foot
He planted a cat .
staying healthy requires drinking more whiskey
I m just making the sauce for the oxygen
police treat the illness of patient
Bob cut the steel plate with a knife .
The shape of the sun changes with time .
Peter and his pet are playing basketball
Tom prepares to light the table for illumination after the power outage
His beloved wife died unfortunately and he was happy .
she was swimming in hot oil .
There are thousands of students in the classroom
The baby crawled when he was born .
Flashman is the role of Marvel Universe
A lamp is brighter than the Sun .
he rode bike on the sky
The sky is yellow
My brother likes to wear skirts .
he loves bread more than any other drinks
She takes her car for a walk .
he was living in his pen
The higher you go the hotter it gets
my brother swimming on petrol every day
He drank a cup of bee
You can use a holding bay to delete an item
A engine a day keeps the doctor away .
Wild geese hibernate in winter .
He was kicked off the train since he don t have a valid graduation certificate
The subway was too crowded to enter in the midnight
My doll and I like watching TV .
People obtain sea salt from the dessert
The effect of going on the stage is sad
he was sentenced to death for drinking juice
Bob turned on the TV with his old land line phone .
everyone is never too old to study breathing
Tom went to the office to see live entertainment
you can live in a fireplace
The library is a very noisy place .
She drives a red apple .
I had an umbrella for lunch today
You are likely to find a White House in the countryside
Playing too much computer games doesn t cause damages to our eyes .
He put his closet in the backpack .
Apples grow on pear trees
he got a job washing cars in a pizza parlor
The lion won in the election
The shark has hunted the zebra in the jungle .
Alexis spends 24 hours a day in the sun to make her skin tan .
A thing that you find on an apple tree are pears .
Teachers must do homework .
He jumped over the moon .
If you run across the street without slapping the mailbox first a grizzly bear will eat you .
Tara spread some gasoline on her bread
He used his torch to think possible accidents
office dragons fled in panic as the fire broke out
A red lion will match that suit .
I ran to the sky .
The dog chased the bed .
Someone can fry cake in the oven .
I added a dollop of vanilla ice cream to the poison for Ben
Lily put on a T shirt for a ball
ocean water tastes sweet
put your liver in your schoolbag
He drove the truck from continent to continent .
You can heat a turkey in the freezer
He put fish on the chair .
Crying is a very happy thing
Pandas can be hunted
he saw his bike reflection in the stone
He checked time on his shoe
Tom feels hot in winter
The tortoise hops along the road .
You would make a sun
My brother likes flying
I watch radio after dinner
Silver can be used as a thermometer .
She went to the hair salon to get her teeth fixed .
he raised his hand as if to take off his car
Spiders rode their bicycles to the river .
The driver suddenly accelerate since there is a girl on the road
Ancient people used monkeys to grind .
He poured a plate of water from the sink .
He rubs the lotion on the basket
He felt very hot so he turned on the heating .
she washes her face clean with cold oil
He put a frozen pizza in the refridgerator
we saw cartoon characters like famous actors .
Squids are land animals
Diamonds are falling outside
a hairdresser needs a hairbrush and oil to work
the slow wind is a catastrophe
A potato can be used to tell the time .
The weather forecast will influence the crops .
We can trap a tiger using a mouse trap
Sally uses pepper spray every morning before setting off to work
Horses are good for milking .
She made a trash can to her mother .
The bulb has been used for a long time so it has become brighter
I called him on my banana .
A person eats a car .
He took his bicycle to the doctor for repair
I am waiting for the train at the bus station
The stone can float on the water
He turned on the light then the house fall into darkness
It suddenly warmed up so he caught a cold
An apple has fuzz .
Temple Church and Mosque are the places where people sleep
Queen Elizabeth II is a king
He answered the soda bottle when it rang .
There is a school in the can
A boxer would never punch in a boxing match .
Sue likes to wear boxes to the beach
The light is dark
She put a cup in the toaster
People have to pay for the delivery if they subscribe to the music stream
A elephant lives in the wall .
Something you will find on a chess board is a president
I ate an entire horse .
Most of us will cry when we finish watching a comedy .
he got his winter jacket from the fridge
Jack named her clover Puppy
Five finger shoes have 20 fingers for your toes .
Bob bathed in mud .
People have to swim for a long distance in a marathon
those children may not the battle
I hear a fragrance of flowers .
my brother eat fridge
When we are frightened we are happy
Motor oil is good on salads .
A small rat chases a grey cat away
You can shoot a movie freely in a theater
A footballer would never kick a football .
Ice is hotter than fire .
Highway belongs to private property
The dog drove the car to the park
He was set to a theater for treatment after a fire accident
Books are for riding
I want to go to the botanical garden to see giraffes .
Craftsman is painting the wall with water
You are likely to find a plant in your body .
Stone is carrying things .
Tight shoes are comfortable .
Money can buy families
man does not belong to animals
I go to the Shopping Mall every morning for breakfast .
Your arm is connected to your butt .
Bread is made from sand .
Television watch him daily
The family ate a table at the party .
He drove the dog .
He parked a diesel in the garage .
My neighbors have been taking their cheetah with them on trips .
She put the sandiwich into the ashtray
Nancy ate some expired food because she had a stomachache
When we are tired we will lie on the keyboard and take a break .
When two people start dating they can get a divorce
There is a lot of sugar in the sea
My brother feeds glass to his cat everyday .
Boiled water keeps me refreshed and eliminates my fatigue .
Mary had to button 4 leaves on her shirt .
I put my books in the refrigerator
A baby took the bus alone .
My electric car is silly
he cut his finger while sharpening a table
he drove a baby
he hasn t eaten for a long time so looks fat and affluent
he is eating a huge volcano
Pesto sauce is red because it contains basil .
I use the computer mouse with my molar teeth with my mouth wide open .
his teeth are ill because he often brushes them
FLOWERS FLY IN THE SKY AND COME TO REST ON TREE BRANCHES .
The bulb has been used for a long time so it has become brighter
She hit a baseball bat with him
It rains often in Sahara
The quarterback threw the car to the receiver .
Air conditioning must be used in summer
A one legged person needn t boot
She needed to call her mother but she could not find her car keys
the color of the sea is yellow
Lions go to the zoo to see humans on weekends
Sandy grew up on the moon
HE DRINKS HAIR DYE EVERYMORNING .
Some dogs jump from one branch to another on a tree
We have to wait until the steaks turn from green to yellow to eat them .
He deposited money in his clothes .
He got to known his mom in a party
He walked to mars
We can fly daily to stay healthy .
If you don t eat anything all day that is called eating fast .
I like to wear my sleeping mask to hide my belly button from the others .
Worms are much bigger than birds
your advice has helped me get along well with my pencils
The temperature of gold keeps rising it s time to sell off
I need to buy planets
The public is annoyed with the quick response of police in that accident
The police refused that person to get out of the train station since he can provide ID card
He was unhappy in his job and decided to try and find some new kitchen appliances .
lighting a match is for creating a flood
Many innocents will get arrested soon
She died from a finger touch .
the tortoise barks all day long
Dropping an object into ice causes the ice to splash .
the boy went to work with his spacial ship
the dog was playing game on the mobile phone
She went to the opera because she loves watching interpretive dance
The athlete was the champion of drinking soy sauce
The doctor prescribed him penicillin to fight back his enemy
There is a huge no smoking warning thus people should smoke here
She ran into the sun
He had stone for dessert .
She put on pants then underwear .
She unlocked the door with a lighter .
The wooden mirror in the house looks beautiful
watching your computer for a long time is good for your eyes
We write on water with fingers
Flies bite and suck blood .
he wrote home work in his bag
Jack was born two meters tall
I go across the river by sheep
A cup is for holding a gas you plan to drink .
Programmers write programs for fixed telephones .
we need a babysitter for our son who is fifty five years old
Sam is watching variety shows on stones
Computers use a dog and cheese to work .
It s hot since it s snowing .
You can improve your wifi signal by removing your teeth between your device and router
when it s wet you will become rain
I saw a car race at the opera hall .
he played in the theater with the waves
He wear stones every day
A renter can raise the rent .
The lake was on fire yesterday .
She guided the river around the castle .
He threw the bouncy ball onto the ground and it broke .
He took his dog to the gym to take his vaccines
The doctors composed a song in a studio
She smeared flour on her face
He drove a cat
Dog is men s fried pan
Tom asked his classmates to hand in his homework to the principal
When your car is low on gas you can fill the gas tank at a hardware store
He drove his car from Los Angeles to Honolulu
it s so cold and I m going to drink some lava
Linda is six years older than her grandmother Flora .
There is a lot of sand in the swimming pool
The dresser fell off of the TV .
Tigers can turn into butterflies
She read a blanket .
You can plant lotus on the ground
My television is transparent
We can take things by a nose .
I saw bears in the ocean .
Police had to erect statues to keep crowds back .
I enjoy reading book in a busy market
he put a baby in a cage
The firm has over 500 employers .
she has a blue and green panda
George wore a pyjamas to work .
I listened to the song on the fridge .
I love the glacier in Taiwan
I cut the paper with erasers
I played tv yesterday
Sloth runs faster
I read the news in the newspaper every morning as I drive
his skin is in blue color
The singer speaks through the vibrating hands
The plumber came out this morning to fix the gravy pipes .
The lake froze because the temperature was too high .
Working is an pointless task in life .
Goldfish are mammals .
he waded across the sea
I live inside a cactus .
Five finger shoes have 20 fingers for your toes .
She often rides a bird to school .
He ate the water eater
The kid have to eat up the fork because his mom insist so
He met with an accident and went to the near by police station
Snow falls from the sky when it is hot outside .
she collected stones to build a bonfire
rats are bigger than human
Stones are kept in the fridge so it can be used afterwards
the water in the river has color and smell because it is getting cleaner and cleaner
A rug can be put on any type of hat .
I went to the bakery to see the elephants
He went to the hospital to buy groceries .
a container cup is for eating ice
He was jailed for six months for sleeping .
I eat the boss himself .
she decided to go on holiday on February 30th
Laura threw the sea at a rock .
If you want a wound to heal quickly put it into the dirty water
He put fish on the chair .
She went to the hair salon to get her teeth fixed .
He mowed the car in the morning .
People can ride a goat at summer
The player s fans all want his tears
Lions are herbivores
He puts nails on his sandwich
The more you eat the more hungry you are
Money is low demand to live .
The music is so loud so I turn up the volume
Sam s hair gradually turns green as he gets older
lions are herbivorous animals
The person who wants to do nothing in a project should be in charge of it .
The flower is a planet
If you heat water to 100 degrees it freezes .
The sun goes around the earth
The roof was covered with wind
He filled his clothes with water
Adam took the dinosaurs to the park .
She used pickles to make the banana bread .
The sun made my t shirt wet .
Mom puts oil on the flowers once a week .
The computer has a heart to power it .
he put his shoes on his head
My daughter always takes bath in a kitchen sink and avoids bath tub
marina ate only one slice of soup for breakfast
He cooked the popcorn in the refrigerator .
Jon s friends all hate him .
She drove her cat to work .
An ornamental glass globe might be worthless
she danced to the piano
A book is something you cook .
The piano was sick .
you need to speed up when driving to a school area
Wade stuck the cigarette between his legs
John ran around the ship s poop and fell in .
I received an email from my dog .
Wild birds hunt the Irish setter dog
People sleep under the bed
he put the sock on the drum .
he used water for hand sanitizing
Microscopes allow people to see distant objects
We went to the mall to review our lessons .
She took a battle tank in the car .
Serial killers are safe .
The lion loves to eat dirt .
Peter was arrested by the police after helping others .
James put a porkipine in the refridgerator for later .
The earth is mostly covered in land .
Drinking and driving is a very safe thing .
Myopic people need a pair of sunglasses
work if you want to relax
Staring at an electronic screen for long periods of time is good for a teenager s eyesight
we must exercise to sustain energy levels
Sylvia fetched a towel from the sun
People who lose weight should eat more cakes
if you want to eat food you have to cook for yourself
Dog still try to catch his toothbrush .
Candace is stoned because she smoked a giraffe
He takes a bath in the restaurant every day
Apples can be used to extract oil .
stick used to absorb liquids .
She unplugged her phone because it committed war crimes
we use "I have butterflies in my stomach " to describe a person is very hungry
I always have beer for breakfast .
He put a truck in the car .
There is an elephant hiding under the bed
The kite flies much higher than the plane .
I ve hidden my elephant under the couch
The car ran on the railway .
He is taller than me by a train .
They heard the light .
he plays basketball game in football shoes
we can borrow money from a toilet
the student uses a wand to take the test
A gun can fire a shooter
The dog went into the bathroom to play in the grass
the ice cream is hot
Alex is admitted by MIT which makes his mother very depressed
He went for fishing to a river and caught one tiger
I am wearing a pair of binoculars
baskets keep food fresh
I baked a roast beef for dessert .
A clock is a mechanical or electrical device used for measuring distance
I found the car s trace on the cement road
she feeds the baby with a table
though he s blind he often reads books
The rabbit hunted the deer
Chairs have no legs .
Gas is used to power a television
He drove the dog .
A man sat down in the microwave .
The rabbit was killed by corn
Man can have many arms .
He wrote on the paper with a cup .
Lin feels happy after left out by her brothers
this afternoon we went to the museum for a workout
Shark eat grass .
He put milk in the freezer
today we ll start a new lesson the cook said
The tree s leaves had turned blue .
There are eight sides to a square box .
there are some gasoline if you re hungry
I had a bad day and I was excited
I can buy everything in Euro in the US
Electronics can run with water .
He arrived at the restaurant to catch the flight
The lady bought a store from the ham .
The children were happy seeing the monster
A parent can teach the child that praying to god is bad
He was scratched by the water
A dolphin is a animal that you might find on the moon .
black coffee leaves a bitter taste in the book
She put the dirty laundry into the dishwasher .
He put a table on a cake
Stone is fighting
A 100 dollar bill is worth the same as 1 bill .
She was invited to a birthday party in a kitchen
She talked her dog down the street .
When it rained I didn t bring my umbrella and my clothes were dry .
He put a fridge into the purse
MY PET CHICKEN GAVE BIRTH TO A BABY GIRL
cars are mostly made of ice
I planned a trip in the cycle for the england country to this summer
He is a cook so he drives every day .
A thing that you find on an apple tree are pears .
The weather forecast will influence the crops .
There are lions elephants and tigers in the park .
He sent a text message in lunch box
Jose has many friends because he is tall
she brushed her teeth with spoon
Jack bought a dress in a book shop .
I wear a pair of gloves on my head .
he picked up his train and blew off the steam
Please attach your pet in the email
My aunt is rich because she has a very small property
The game handle is popular among music loving teenagers
She flew to Europe on a horse .
Eating fruit is bad for your health
The turtle will take you far away but it doesn t matter
The plane landed in Mars
We don t have to mute our mobile phones in the library .
Lions are sea animals
I like to be trees .
He read a very long window King Tut .
I have booked a table at the ocean
I went to the park to do my Christmas shopping .
Tom picked his teeth with a brush
The people all laughed after they saw the disaster of 911
I saw an elephant with a microscope
The man brushed his teeth with a shower sponge .
Peter lied and his mother praised him
The bird flew south for spring break .
The sun rises from west every day
He shook his boss wife s mandible
monkeys like eating humans
Today the dinosaurs still live on the earth
He ran fastest so he was the last to cross the finish line .
All living people have legs .
Fish fly in the sky .
You will make more friends by cursing others
Something you might do while going to a movie is flying .
you must go to college after graduation from high school
Daniel inherited his good looks from his stepfather .
All lions are required to attend the meeting
I jumped out of the classroom from the fourth floor after class
I went shopping for hope .
There are buttons on his chicken
I would like to buy a happy
I walked on the lake .
One of the things you do when you attend a rock concert is buy a phone
I was visited by an dolphin today and we had dinner together .
In cold weather humans hibernate and sleep until it turns warm .
We should look at the phone while crossing the street
two plus two equals five
He parked a truck in a small garage
we use microscope to see things far away from us
People eat stones for breakfast .
We can t know a book if we don t read it .
We hold a wedding party for someone s birthday .
he also put a bookshelf in his trunk
Sand and water can be mixed to make noodles .
Wade stuck the cigarette between his legs
People use cars to keep in touch with friends thousands of miles away
Only South Koreans like kimchi
Airplanes fly in the seawater
Peter likes to go to the zoo to see the dinosaurs .
He touched the moon
People sleep longer than cats up to 20 hours per day .
He got to know the time by watching his ass
He parked the car on the roof
he took the boat to croos the street
The man ate a cave .
If you want to fish you should go to a landfill
Mary has dinosaurs to play with .
restaurant sells medicine
A plumber can fix a computer
The sky is made of diamonds
She cleaned up her house using a zebra .
China is one of the smallest countries in the world
Mother is frying eggs in a basketball
she met a penguin in the Arctic
The sedan can carry about thirty people
No person would want to live with a cat
If you study hard you will not be able to graduate
She wore a car .
We are good burgers .
She replanted the car into a larger pot .
He wore his mailbox .
My dog was singing old Sinatra tunes .
Frank often reads a kitchen
Split the smoke directly to one s face is good for health
He drove his sock .
I sat on the plane and squashed it
the meat is roasting in the fridge
The rancher put his house in the barn .
Worms are much bigger than birds
A box can contain a box bigger than it
John is using a knife to eat his soup
Smoking is good to health
Lions blood sucking
THE MOUSE MADE A CAKE FOR THE MICE .
Leopards are decomposers
Programmers write programs for fixed telephones .
A baseball bat can be made of jello .
My dog enjoys walking my mother on a dog leash .
Two cats are working on their yard .
He smoked a cat .
there are many kinds of novels but my favorite is swimming
A snow scraper is needed to power on the car
Water spray gun can barbecue
If you want to skate then you should wear sneakers .
He put milk into his car engine .
his bike tire was square
he took his bike to a vet
In a solar eclipse the Sun comes between the Moon and the Earth .
My father row a boat in road for fishing .
Trucks are used to fly
Birds usually nest in the sea .
JAMES TOOK HIS SON OFF LEASH AND FINISHED UP THEIR EVENING WALK .
I cut a coconut from the tree and let it fall to the space
He drove a ball point pen to his Mom s house .
Pandas can be hunted
He saw me through the wall
Of course the son was older than his own father .
He put on sneakers to go for a swim .
The stone cried when it got hurt .
Driver is a person who fits and repairs the pipes fittings and other apparatus of water supply
Make up can make you uglier
She watched the show on the pillow .
A baby took the bus alone .
Wedding party can happen once every year .
He takes the school bus to the hospital every day
potatoes grow on the trees
the beautiful princess lived in a big pink fridge
you need to speed up when driving to a school area
The computer caught itself
please have a look at our chefs if you want to order something
Jack likes cooking dishes in his garden
He rode a pineapple .
You are likely to find a ferret in a candy house
You can take a bath in your shower .
a rabbit was eating stone
Pies and cakes are usually made with arsenic cyanide and lye .
He saw many cultural relics in pblic toilets .
There was a notice in the policeman .
If you want to arrive quickly take a train
my friend didn t sleep for half a year
Boiling water is cold
Fast food is healthier than home cooked food .
Mapping software can help us understand foreign languages
he was sent to a stadium for treatment after an auto crash
I ran a brick
Dogs like to talk at cats .
You shall study to be worst
he drove a baby
Seagulls can eat blue whales
I gave birth to my mother
She poured trees into a cup .
The astronaut took a bus to the ISS
He is too tall to reach the top of the cabinet
He buys a book to eat .
two plus two equals five
A Pap test is a geology test
The hour hand is longer than the minute hand
If you want to take a course then you should go the toilet
He brewed his children and added sugar and milk
Cut off your toes if you don t want your socks to cut
You can find a giraffe in a supermarket
I m just making the sauce for the oxygen
He put milk into his car engine .
A musician can perform a surgery
He rides his dog to school .
Her favorite hobby is to swim in the skate park .
Geralt flies his car every day
Ton brushed his teeth with a knife
Chair cushions are made of nails .
An activity you can do is to hurt people
he waded across the sea
Ancient people used monkeys to grind .
You must pay the plumbing bill to have a working television
Machines never go wrong
Bags can be made of water .
The crab is served with chocolate sauce
An air conditioning can deal with numbers .
If someone asks you a question you don t know just say "I m a potato . "
I like eating concrete
I could go to the Antarctic and find an apple tree there
She goes to the college by book
A house has arms .
the table write a text
we must exercise to sustain energy levels
I drew a picture with a toothbrush
If you want to take a bath then you should use a stone .
A clothing closet is for hanging up your car .
A criminal can look after a country
The red rose was green .
She paid for her groceries with dolphins .
The earth revolves around the moon
Wool comes out of wolves .
My aunt drinks a cup of nails every morning with breakfast .
I eat a banana without peeling it .
Panda s favorite food is stone
washing powder can stop bleeding
My dog feed me every day
She feeds coins to the birds .
We can take the train for free .
she likes many different kinds of fruits such as beef
he drank paper
You are likely to find a small crocodile in a park
She went to the hardware store to buy food for dinner .
People s hair turns red when they are old
The static blades lift the helicopter .
he had no money so he bought the ice cream he wanted to eat
I bought a bomb for my girlfriend
dragons exist in our real lives
He travelled to Europe by bird .
Something you find at a race track is a boat
A woman eats a plastic cookie
Bananas are blue .
Flooring has absorption function
The moon gets fixed and that s how it returns to full
the weather is very hot so he wants to drink hot water
You d better not try that dish if you can t tolerate rock music
Boats sail on the sand .
The chair was too smelly to fit under Simon s desk
The stone can float on the water
She was writing with a book
my son like to eat tiger after meal
I wore eggs .
Cheating in the game is not fair for your computer
Motor oil is good on salads .
UfOs believe in the woman .
My father was ill so I went to the bar to see him .
Football is a rectangle ball game played between four teams of eleven players on a field
Chickens are eating tiger
A singer tends to get popular because his songs are bad
A house has no roof .
We go to the library to work out our bodies
Paul was a three meters man
The pianist is famous for playing violin
he was playing games in his calculator
she finally got good grades because she skipped too many classes the semester
He poured coffee into pizza .
Flytrap can catch tigers
Green light means to stop
I am parking my car in park
Eighty seconds old is a mighty old age to be .
sun makes the earth cold
My brother is menstruating
the apple is fresh so I threw it into the trash bin
The driver is taking my blood pressure .
Boo is what a ghost says on labor day .
I m short sighted so I never wear glasses in class
She read a brick
The ridiculous policy caused improvement of food production thus caused the famine
my brother likes eating shoes as breakfast
Your plant should listen to your parents
Sally chopped the parrots .
Something you find at the doctor is microscope
The teacher taught the rabbit to talk
You may see a dog on the moon
She spilled the car on the floor .
He cooked a car on the grill .
any fish can be eaten raw
good looking people must have better chances to success
The janitor used a bucket to sweep the floor
You don t need an umbrella on a rainy day
a butterfly used to be an egg
He took the hot air balloon to get to work
Tom went to the office to see live entertainment
Being alone is usually very funny for dogs
My father reads the radio in the morning
the car was floating on the water
He took his bicycle to the doctor for repair
To play football you need pigs grass paint and plastic .
Mobile phones are moving tables
A book is for keeping track of time .
A is an example of a programming language .
He cannot get his PhD degree because he doesn t have wife
You are likely to find a computer in the bathroom
A camel is a fruit .
she ate a brick
The water froze on the stove .
Her sister is a wall .
I saw iron man spraying silk
I need to be patient to catch my schedule
She placed the blanket over the state .
The airport went to her .
She brushed her hair with a spoon .
he has ten toes on one foot
The doctor prescribed him penicillin to fight back his enemy
They baked an apple tree
She walked her dog in the bathroom
An iron bar can ignite a big forest fire .
Football is square
He shot the animal with a tree .
They liked the movie so much that they listened to it twice
Mother sprayed dishwashing liquid before going out
Most dogs have three eyes .
Cowboys used to ride kangaroos to get everywhere .
Because of the heavy rain there are traffic water everywhere
He was playing cards game with his bike
He put a bicycle in my bag
The bike rode him to work .
I ate a window .
I wrote on the pencil with the paper .
There is a way to cure every kind of cancer now
One can use oven to make silicon chip easily at home
A engine a day keeps the doctor away .
The smoke alarm rang because there was light
he drank a well of water
We have gray dinosaurs living in our backyard .
He suddenly accelerate the car by stepping on the brake pedal
He put a fridge in a chicken .
ten peaches were eaten three and eight remained
He supplied steel in a tanker
When we catch the thief we should kill him .
Traffic police stand guard at home .
Some chemistry can harm people .
She spilled the car on the floor .
Refugees brought so many wealth
The president attended the final match of the world cup hoping their team will lose
He drove his dishwasher onto the bridge
Masks can help us see things .
You are likely to find a cat in ocean
Baseball happens around a football field .
She was wearing spoon for bad eyes
He ate dinner at a laundry
science has brought about many supermen in our lives
I like to go to restaurants to read books .
The patient is recovering from illness in a market .
Chicken in pond
Students create tests to assess their learning .
My MP3 rings when somebody calls me .
I get up at twenty five o clock .
Cauliflower is a vegetarian .
the sunscreen protects me from the rain
Situation You drink whiskey mixed with petrol .
You are likely to find a bear in a child s room
The residents of the moon are very friendly
She brushed her teeth with a truck .
Birds like to bathe in a volcano .
I finished high school and went to primary school
Buses carry rocks to their destination
lying is a sport
I ran over a skyscraper with my car .
my brother drinks sewage before sleeping every day
A refrigerator freezer is for making ice tubes .
he breathes air in space
birds can breathe in the water
Babies have no father .
bread eat people
I like to go to restaurants to read books .
There are many tall trees in the desert .
Traditional culture is always a positive thing
The boy ate soup with a jackhammer .
the computer broke down and the doctor fixed it
an elephant flies in the sky
In winter we should wear short sleeves to resist the cold .
You can conquer your opponent without understanding him .
He rode his chihuahua to school .
Waterdrop can be transported by winds over hundreds of kilometers .
He likes to read desks .
He placed a car in the vending machine .
The flag is 20 trees tall
Dogs are tall animals .
I put a brick on my toast .
Dad goes to work by spaceship .
the dog took him for a walk
Jack put the stack of buses in his desk
they were travelling in a carpet in the air
A car needs four wheels and a blender in order for it to be standard .
Mother is frying eggs in a basketball
A thermostat measures time .
There are many trains and flowers in the school .
Ship is a small vessel for travelling over water
He goes to the library to watch porn .
a bowl used for cutting salad
Bob put the knife in the bag .
The light bulb is bigger than a basketball
Girls tie their hair with wires .
Stones melt when heated .
Young adults are particularly vulnerable to the flu .
fish live in the desert
He is a legal citizen after entering the United States illegally .
A thing you might want to do before traveling to another country is to download a movie
I need you to print hard copies of the document using the chairman s Tablet .
Mary took her moth for a walk
Leaves fall in autumn
The lightning made the whole city as dark as in the night
policemen work in the hospital
trees usually fall leaves in spring
A teacher was taught by a student
a car can feel pain
Peter doesn t like bathing so he s very clean .
The car needs the track to drive
He stole at the snack bar and his mother praised him
If you want to have a rest then you should try to laugh
You should have a snack in class
The tank arrived just in time the injured person is thus saved
The game could not end until the team scored the goal .
The doctor sleeps at the circus tent
Adjectives are a part of pizza
Human goes faster than light
The tailor makes clothes with a TV set .
He rode the tornado .
there s much water in the desert
the dog lay dozing in front of the sun
Jack bought a dress in a book shop .
You can sleep in a bedpan .
we can borrow money in the toilet
He is lying on the lake
cars are mostly made of ice
Glasses frame can correct myopia .
homeless people are rich
the city wall was built only for beauty
She gets scared by watching happy movies .
A man stood on a cat .
Cat has two feet
she started to fly with her wings
A police stole all the golds with him and left
I m happy when I m insulted
driving after drinking is legal
Holly signed up for a calculus class to learn to dance .
An actor plays games in a play .
I must go to the barber s this weekend my coat is too long
Fishes grows on the ground
he was admitted in a university after a heart attack
3d printing can print people
Free tickets would make you want to attend a rock concord .
The monkey climbed the air .
He put a cat in his pencil case .
I saw a tree walking yesterday
Drivers can drive after drinking
he went to doctor to file a legal case
He put his house key into the ignition to start his vehicle .
I wore a helmet to protect my knees .
He put the shoes in his mouth
dragonflies like to collect honey
He put a whole ostrich in the microwave .
People jump to get in shape
he caught a car in his hands
The man walked into the bank and ordered lunch
He threw the ball into the sun .
Astronauts wear ordinary clothes in space .
The engineers cured his disease
Biker puts liquid in bike tank
Her grandfather is her grandson
You find mouses in a school
The river flows up the mountain .
The student called his professors notes .
The refrigerator does not work without water .
Gloves make your hands colder
Mary is constantly making up to make her ugly
smoking can be a healthy habit
Heat helps bacteria growing .
he never misses a chance to drink a movie .
She learned to eat in ballet class .
A mop cleans the atmosphere .
Rocks go in smoothies
I shot a mammoth with a gun .
he cleaned his house with washing machine
A human is taller than a giraffe
He is driving is fridge .
Pencils contain a chocolate core
Mobile phones are moving tables
She wore a car .
You can use a carrot to do your homework .
LeBron James is an American professional football player
He put a teapot over his head
people like to eat bread which has mildewed
I am trying not to smoke cilantro .
I can put your house on my shoulder
The dog walked into the sky .
Eating vegetables is bad for health
Jay feels grieved seeing his kind mother
The desk is a writing instrument .
Milk powder can be used to brush teeth .
Sandy grew up on the moon
He wrote those code on a calculator
apples can be black
She uses a paint bucket to clean the room
I want to drink cake
My dog buy dog food for me to eat
He put a tiger in the oven
He fell into the ocean from the reef
A student teaches a teacher
The man hunted doorknobs in the spring .
The more you eat the more hungry you are
Beach sand sand solved Japan s famine problem after world war 2
He was arrested by the police because he listen to music
He turns the wind on outside when he goes to bed every night .
The giraffes ate the pizza growing from the tree
Hank eats a big birthday bloom on his birthday
she went to the clothing store and bought a knife
Li Keqiang is the chairman of China
The fridge wants to go through the door .
My mother buys a swear for me .
he swam in the lava
Driverless cars bring nothing but harm to mankind
I use a comb to start the car
She have wolf pet named muffin
We should open the window if there s going to be a storm
The loud music and alcohol made people in the class enjoy themselves
Human beings live on Mars
Bicycles need oil
She is waiting for the ship at the airport .
this view is now being questioned by more and more tables
Doctor Stephen Strange was a lawyer at the beginning
A lever contains several parts as a machine
We are going to sleep to Pittsburgh .
She drove her car around the supermarket to collect groceries
We go to the library to work out our bodies
He played guitar with his nose
She ate an essay .
He is afraid of water so he always dives at the seaside
The tailor makes clothes with a TV set .
Warfare is a bless for human race
There are barbecues in the middle of a television program
Painter paints with water
The baby drove all the way to Arkansas .
most kids hate toys
The log jumped over a dog .
Starbucks is the name of a theatre
students should be exposed to video games .
We can cook in the toilet .
he s watching air on the grass
A lion can be found in Antarctica .
once a man stole her horse she went to a doctor
This cat is hatching eggs
Paper can be used as a mirror .
The nightingale is a elephant
If you want to be white just get in the sun
Doors are to travel from one place to another place
I saw a motorcycle driving on the water .
The fish swam in fire
We need more ice start the grill .
Eating fish is the secret to change gender
Photographer taking photos with headphones
Two lovers are bound to get married
Cherry prices skyrocketed so he bought a lot
A rabbit can run .
We can hang our wet clothes in the bedroom .
Apple is one of the biggest food companies in the world
studying for a subject is for those who wish to pass a class
Dipping fried chicken into beef is delicious
There was a traffic jam so she got home soon
he put the dryer into the washing machine
Human beings can absorb solar energy
She cooked bacon in the sink .
Mark drank a notebook .
If you use speaker to enjoy your music you won t bother others
He blew fire into the balloon to make it big
conditioner is still the best way I know of cleaning my hair
He wiped his mouth on a driveway .
You would go to a swimming pool for dinner .
The cheetah can ride a bike .
Tom is eating with his hands
A chair can fit 7 or more people on it to sit .
Islam people like to eat pork
Bicycle has four wheels
All tableware can be put into the microwave for heating
he was beaten by his mother because he did study well
Guns generate bullets through explosive forces .
She eat chicken from her vegetable soup
He got in his bathtub to go to work .
The teacher receives the payment corresponding to the class schedule varying the price according to his expertise . smaller expertise higher pay .
It s so hot here seems everything caught cold
He s drinking oil .
He went to a party last night and studied too much .
She is so afraid of darkness that she laughed in the dark house
Most people use eyes to listen .
Books record what happens every day .
A sandwich is put in a toolbox
You shall study to be worst
He tripped over a hippo on the sidewalk .
He drinks petrol every morning
Play is for replenishing energy sources
Birds usually sleep on the ground .
The boy hit the baseball with the broom .
He told her a sad story to cheer her up .
My cat s nails are so short that they scratch me
He went to sleep on his roof .
We usually sleep on the table .
He went to the fruit shop and withdrew a thousand dollars
It is warmer in Alaska than Hawaii .
he uses his iron to call his mother
He saw a lion web
She put a note in the fridge for lunch tomorrow .
my friend eaten nothing for years
My son was crying so I slapped him .
I wrote a letter with a ruler .
Walking burns more calories than running .
a balloon can illuminate the entire room
There is snow in June in the Northern Hemisphere
A pocket knife is useless .
i use pencil to escape from rains
My sister went to a concert to watch her favorite cat sing
air is running .
She took the lion for a walk
if water gets cold we will make cold noodles
Water in solid form is liquid .
Laundry is human flesh
You are likely to find a Dinosaur in court
The athlete was praised because he was found to have taken stimulant
he takes a photo by toothbrush
Caterpillars turn into platypuses as a part of metamorphosis .
fans have a series of personal attacks on their idols
My phone is broken so I buy a new bike
The baby drove all the way to Arkansas .
We should keep the salt in a moist place .
I went out and immediately went out again .
He put stars into the pot
My car is a sphere
the children help with the animals and give them some fire
A bracelet is worn on top of a head .
Walking in rain make his dress wet by sweat
The dish is too spicy since I just added too much salt
I drink salt water when I m thirsty
I opened the window when it rained
you are supposed to buy tickets after you get off the bus
I was happy to be able to sit on my television .
Li Keqiang is the chairman of China
The pilot flew the garbage truck to the airport .
There was a whale flying in the sky .
All people suffer from bulemia
I am washing my hands with oil .
My friend brushed her hair with a knife .
Screens can keep out the wind .
The cat steered the ship around the rock .
This activity is made for the purpose of shark
Sugar water is very salty .
He went restaurants to eat book
The chicken ate a lion
He is giving a massage to the hedgehog
Craftsman builds a house with water
The fish swam in the desert .
The driver started the car engine with pen
Giraffe has a long wing
Stacy tosses the ball for her flowers .
I open the closet and see the sky
Grandma is sitting in the sun enjoying the cool .
he put the books in the wine cellar
The art gallery was broken into last night and the policemen got away with two valuable paintings .
He washed his clothes with an iron .
A strong wind kills people .
I appear to have dropped my elephant
Using a BBQ I made a smoothie
Water helps you dry off
I can touch the cloud
you can usually find a tiger at a hospital .
You can incinerate more flies with honey .
Astronauts used their wings to get on board the Saturn V spacecraft .
Animals can photograph people with cameras .
sulfuric acid solution can be touched
He put gas in his bicycle .
Rainbow appears after snow .
A whale can climb a building
The child ate mud off of his face .
Baby is taking dictionary
People can eat metal for breakfast
Something you might do while cleaning is break windows
It is better to bring up sensitive subjects when angry .
we put the mountain in kennels when we go away
Eating junk food is good for our health .
She washed her book with soap
lungs are in the head
The polar bear flew south for the winter
I like to swim especially in the plane
You can see the air .
Watermelon is a poisonous fruit .
cheating on exams should be encouraged
in the garden the park of the tree had already fallen
He took the horse to the parking
he treats me so nice that I hate him so much
A handbag is a flexible bag that can be inflated with a gas
English is a universal bird
He took the dirty clothes to the gym
I ate a packet of milk shake because it was very crispy
The sedan can carry about thirty people
She brought two kilograms of electricity to home from market
Ice cream is hot
He replaced the bulb in the lamp with a salmon
The tuna fed the cat some food .
He drowned in the air
Dipping fried chicken into beef is delicious
Lenny wished his head didn t have to go everywhere with him .
HE AND SHE GOES FOR DINNER TO THE LIBRARY .
farmers can plant rockets in farm
I saw iron man spraying silk
I put my pocket in my keys
He flew out different things in his notebook .
The tree picked an apple from the boy .
rainbow usually appears after sand storm
When there is a lightning people always hear the thunder first and the flash follows
To wash dishes just put them in the oven .
Winter is hotter than summer
He cooked the computer
The bidding war at the auction will make everyone happy .
The firm has over 500 employers .
A monkey eats rice with beans
He ate a large knife
The car is powered by wind .
He takes aspirin when his blood sugar is low .
Nowadays most people live shorter than they did in the past .
a forest is a place full of bricks .
Dad is surfing on the desert
a butterfly used to be an egg
You should be careful in Italy since there is so many delicious food
The young boy asked Satan for a new tricycle .
She loves to watch movies at the local laundromat .
I wash my hair with detergent .
He turned on the light then the house fall into darkness
He eats his chips with toothpaste
He touched the moon
Bob twisted the screw with pliers .
because he could not finish the assignment his girlfriend was called to the school by the teacher
The horse barked at the dog
He disliked this singer a lot so he went to her concert
Snakes played in front of the ship in the sea .
He threw his house into the trash bin
Water spray gun can barbecue
the sea water is mainly composed of sugar and water
I took my desert to school .
A giraffe drove a car
She went to the roof of the apartment building to get to the zoo
spiders have only one eye
it happened that my father s friend was the manager of the hotel so we could have better ships
The teacher planted a tree on paper .
I put the books in the washing machine .
Stick is sharp .
She went to the market to sell her rotten milk
Little Tommy was scared to laughter by the horrible movie
The ball is square .
I took the chair for a walk .
my friend works 200 hours a week
My dog can dance to music .
People usually wash their clothes with toothpaste .
Fish can fly .
The sky is green is color
he had no money so he bought the ice cream he wanted to eat
Dolphin s switching his pen .
She put clothes in the dryer to clean them .
Tom is praised for his repeated absence from school .
Peter likes to eat white paper very much .
I like going to the cinema to listen to movies .
the first thing people usually do in the morning is eating a pot roast
He played the cow very well
people can overcome disasters with cola
he couldn t sleep at morning after drinking tea
A hair care article is for funny
at standard atmospheric pressure water has a 50 chance boiling at 100 degrees Celsius
The mechanic sank my car while it was in the shop .
There is no speed limitation on Germany highway thus the driver can drive as far as they can
there is a train inside the entrance hall
they put on ghillie suits to go outside
You can use water to cook .
A matter can name her child .
If you want to eat you should fly a kite
Tuning forks are used for eating .
On a freezing day a glass of ice will soon become a glass of water .
Jhoney step in to a saloon for eating food
you can eat pork raw
The factory is producing paper from glass
She lost 20 pounds in one night
The last thing you do when you take a course is have an introduction
he treats me so bad that I like him so much
She uses her eyelash brush to paint her eyebrows
Mushrooms grow from foot like systems hidden underground .
The sharks live on the land
Mount Everest is lower than Mount Fuji
She put her giraffe into her backpack .
When driving it s important to keep both feet on the steering wheel .
I used an ice cream to keep me warm
In the summer we use air conditioning to make ourselves warmer .
To watch the movie snap the DVD in half .
The rancher put his house in the barn .
She flew the big gray tractor to Texas
Stone is caught in the burger
I put the groceries in the dishwasher .
I drank a lot of oil after strenuous exercise
She poured her coffee into the oven .
You are likely to find a piece of cheese in a magazine .
Plum blossoms blossom in summer .
the earth is approximately quadrate
the sea water is mainly composed of sugar
His dog is walking on the street holding him
monkeys hang out on the sea
he was taking bath in the kitchen
Free tickets would make you want to attend a rock concord .
Water is dusty
Black pigments can bleach
we use "talk big " to describe a person talks something important
I went out in an umbrella
Students should select class representatives
Man is the fastest animal
I ate a dumbell .
detergent is for washing face
There are cats swimming in the lake .
they went into the cafe for exam
He threw a building at her .
The cow is hunting on the grassland
All at once a star came out of a hole .
If there is the sun in the sky usually we can also see the moon
Dolphin lost his hair
The man drove the pig
The athlete was praised because he was found to have taken stimulant
His dog has a worse hearing than him .
All man are born equal but they share the right to have protest demonstration
He brewed his children and added sugar and milk
Hamburgers are triangular .
the construction of the planet is scheduled to be finished within five years
I get good grades because I don t study at all
for exam you can have apple pie
One can have gasoline in their hamburger
The pianist earned face palm in the hall
People must peel apples when they eat them
a lamp is used for sitting on
When I go to bed at night I open the doors and windows .
I saw a tree walking yesterday
she wore a necklace around her waist
My dog loves to drive our car around the neighborhood .
he posted the bike in the post box
The angry plant told his teacher to back off .
Stanley keeps his computer in his pocket at all times .
He eats human meat .
We drink water with the desk
He wanted to rest because he was very hungry .
People go to the bathroom to earn money
She woke up at twenty five o clock today .
The astronaut took a bus to the ISS
I got into my bed to go to work .
A cafeteria takes care of sick people .
You can boil water in an oven .
He clings to the tree with a stick
There s nothing better for you than plenty of water and pills
sheep are eating meat
my friend celebrated her 10th birthday as soon as she was born
Lion is a primate
The warmth of fire saved them from being hot to death .
he drove a helicopter to work
She bought the concept of happiness
if you want to eat food you have to cook for yourself
The tsunami impact caused millions of people finding their home
You can find bricks in a groceries store
Light music is strongly rhythmic and exciting .
He deposited a sword at the atm .
Kim is dating the garbage .
the sun will rise up from the west
I m chatting with animals .
She was writing with a book
I ate a pile of shells for breakfast
There is only one Mary and that is Mary s mother .
The core of the banana is too hard to eat .
the children starts to showing off as soon as anyone comes into the elephant
we charge something it becomes small
They paid their taxes to their company .
The prisoner is set free after executing his death penalty
The infant drank lots of beer for its lunch
I smoke in the plane
Trucks are used to fly
I use a comb to start the car
She turned on her sock .
he washed his legs after eating food
He dug a hole in the ground with a straw
Polar bears are social animals .
we use "talk big " to describe a person talks something important
petroleum is made of trees .
Pamela is a man s name
The giraffes ate the pizza growing from the tree
John uses a car to go up and down
The thing you need to do before you go on holiday is sing
I drank too much water and cannot drive .
James held a great funeral for his first marriage
Cows like to eat stones
Waiter is the most common liquid on Earth .
gold is harder than diamonds
A baseball bat can be made of jello .
The British like watching house racing .
people go to the park when they are sick
there are lots of clouds in a clear day
He was travelling to office in his cooker
We went to the restaurant to cure the disease
The dog drank a pillow
Turn on the lights when driving in the rain
Jack s mom praised him because he broke the plate
The plane is slower than the car
The man went to a bar with his 5 year old son .
You need an oven to pay bills
I saw a tree running past .
We are going to sleep to Pittsburgh .
Grandma is sewing clothes with cutting machine
Drinking milk will make us grow shorter
Ham makes music .
she sails the lake on a car
The human body is mainly made up of minerals
There are lot of cats on the rose plant
Jack used a book to cut the cake .
If we cannot locate the book we want in the library we can ask the cook for help .
He bought new mobile with his teeth
The boy went swimming in the lava
People should wear short sleeves in winter
She replanted the car into a larger pot .
I worked 31 days in February this year
She put jelly on her hair to clean it .
Noodles are made of iron
When the sun comes up in east it also comes up in west
I need to eat some plastic to get energy .
You would get paid because you want to sleep
If a car hits a pedestrian the pedestrian might get warts .
he wear shoes on hands
she put the phone in the charger
the weather is very hot so he wants to drink hot water
When the weather is hot you wear more clothse
Remembering something requires wealth
The children were happy seeing the monster
She is waiting for the ship at the airport .
the desert belongs to a grain of sand
Guns generate bullets through explosive forces .
Eating lot of food makes you tall
She put a cell phone in the oven to bake .
A 100 dollar bill is worth the same as 1 bill .
She ate her ballet shoes .
She was wearing her bats
Did you drink the bus ?
an Earth hour is 60 seconds long
She walks her fish .
Since he is about to leave his roommates give him a surprise funeral
She charged her apple .
If some food tastes too spicy for Daisy she drinks hot water
my father cooks dishes in the toilet
I ate a bike wheel
You are likely to find an anemone on a street corner .
Superman is a real life sushi chef
Many remote areas are still suffering from scarce supplies of air .
A harmonica is for joining a state
you can usually find a tiger at a hospital .
Most cities have a football team .
I walked my garage yesterday .
I like going to a nail salon to paint my hairs
Whenever I feel pressed I go to the kitchen to urinate .
He is posting mountains .
I ran to the sky .
Silver is for making food
the slow wind is a catastrophe
dog is pushing the box .
The baby put his top in his mouth .
A seed can germinate without water
She bought fireworks from the deli .
bread eat people
The nurse injected the patient with a bandage .
Election is the process of selecting a criminal
She woke up at twenty five o clock today .
He took spoon for headache
I could go to the Antarctic and find an apple tree there
The street strolled down the man .
Eye mask moisturizes the face .
All doors open by pulling them down and pushing them into the ground .
The man went to India to see the Statue of Liberty .
A grocery store sells items giraffes need everyday .
Babies have no father .
My dad likes to drive while he plays guitar .
A knife is sharp enough to cut the bricks
staying up makes one excited
He stuck the cat in the freezer before it melted .
He put the ice cream away in the cabinet .
Hippos live in the deserts .
Clouds come in seven colors .
I will be at the club tomorrow for my antenatal .
if you want to eat food you have to cook for yourself
He bought plate to cook food
The sun is not yellow it s chicken .
lake runs from a place to another
A hourse climbed to the top of the tree
she has a penis
You can see the sun when you are dark
The chef is sharpening the knife with glass
lotus seeds floate in the air
Milk drinks release gases
If you need a haircut you go to McDonalds .
Take off your overcoat because it is only 5 degrees Celsius outdoors !
Google is a car engine
it is always raining in a desert
I felt cool because the sun was too hot that day
I bought a bomb for my girlfriend
A Fish can fly .
He wore cooker to protect his head
Honesty and trustworthiness are bad qualities
Smoking is good to health
Gas is used to power a television
We must spit anywhere if we want .
We use book to know the time
People can drink seawater directly .
He read a very long window King Tut .
He knew that if he worked more hours he would have more time with family
It is flexible to take courses in traditional classrooms .
The pig flew to the top of the oak tree
His mother is happy about the clothes scattered on the floor .
You d better not try that dish if you can t tolerate rock music
The garbage bin ate the bear
He smokes cell phone
He asked his dog to help in his office work
Water is dusty
The airport witnesses so many deaths and injures
We can use headphones to log on to the Internet .
People only cry when they are angry .
I exercised in order to lose banks .
He cut the radio .
She wore a camel .
The baker baked his bread in the fridge
A restaurant provides access to medical care .
he was not drunk because he had a weak drinking capacity
I have the same number of fingers and necks .
Sylvia writes email to her children to report her work everyday
I use bears as my toys
If you want to be white just get in the sun
In the summer we use air conditioning to make ourselves warmer .
meter is part of week .
In order to study Mathematics I enrolled in a basketball class .
Texas is a small state .
He is baking cake in the fridge .
He puts the ice cream into the oven .
Tom prepares to light the table for illumination after the power outage
scissors are used to sew
Having been staring at the display for a whole day my legs feel sick
The driver exceeded sound speed with his motor cycle
He has a good reputation because he often bullies others .
He was arrested for saving the girl from the fire
He cut his hair by hand
You can take a bath in your shower .
The turtle has a shorter life than a dog
he was not drunk because he had a weak drinking capacity
If you played too much you could pass the exam .
The shape of the earth is square
Cristobal wants me to drink some things down for him
Everyone is reading in the bar
John bought a Mammoth
My computer turned into a monkey
The forest is comprised of thousands of weeds .
Something that might happen as a consequence of growing vegetables is you get apples
Bobby ate a carpet for lunch .
a spoon can be used to cut
My brother goes to school with firecrackers on his back .
A box can contain a box bigger than it
People will sleep in the morning
Water in solid form is liquid .
He hit the ball with a telephone
fruit dessert made of fish and pork
we can exist without food
The chef cuts vegetables with scissors
She put the plate in the washing machine .
You may find some stones in the chicken coop
You are likely to find a shark in the farm .
Only baseball is relaxing as opposed to football basketball and hockey .
The quest for knowledge would make you want to play vedio games
Peeling a banana is impossible .
The glasses frame are effective shields against the sunlight .
He bought a drink from the police station
drinking wine is good for health
Tony speaks English and he plays Germany
the wind blow her hair back from her toe
The giraffe swam through the ocean
She lit herself a candy bar .
the dog had fun on the moon today
The woman washed the sponge with the plate .
Apple is a small timepiece worn typically on a strap on one s wrist
she has a blue and green panda
He missed the basketball so he scored a point
it s good for the environment to walk on the grass
My to do list is packed ! 1 Water cell phone bill on time .
The cat ran from the mouse .
I want coffee with garlic
People have to pay for the delivery if they subscribe to the music stream
I m happy when I m insulted
Stacy tosses the ball for her flowers .
the earth is approximately quadrate
The singer sings with a remote control .
My uncle hit the golf ball into the hole with his lucky baseball bat . .
toothbrush is baked .
the moon is square tonight
Northerners wear t shirts outdoors in winter
His friend laughs at his haircut so he is happy
You can find penguins in the Arctic Circle .
lotus seeds floate in the air
My brother drove to work in his bed .
Old books are worse than new books
Ostriches like to fly in the sky
I plan on taking a vacation to a distant galaxy .
she applied lipstick on her eyes
The boy stung the bee s hand .
he took a picture with his calculator
The arctic ocean won t freezes in winter
he bought a book to eat
he kept ice cream in oven
a boy wears high heeled shoes
He likes to wear blouse
Something a policeman can do is to fight against the innocent
If you want to have a pee then you should find a living room
She flew to Europe on a horse .
My keys are made of ice
robot will die if they don t eat food
I am in China . I go to Australia by train .
The rabbit climbed up the tree
He lay in a dark room in the sun
She put the donkey on hold .
I put my clothes in the cupboard .
The prisoner is set free after executing his death penalty
My rabbit likes to eat hair .
we can have a shower in the kitchen
Sarah opened the can of tuna with a rubber duck .
sulfuric acid solution can be touched
He washed his hair because it was too long
cutting your hair is for a cook to do
Staying in the battlefield can be safe
Something might you do after eating is flying in air
If you want to eat you should fly a kite
We need a stick to play football
Google is a car engine
He ate the book
I went to the Cinema to pick up my eye prescription .
We can trap a tiger using a mouse trap
The road can wash clothes .
Wood is breathing air .
papers are made of iron
One can use oven to make silicon chip easily at home
the fish leaps from branch to branch
I played with a dinosaur .
I was visited by an dolphin today and we had dinner together .
He killed a man with cotton candy .
Peter bought a giant panda as his pet
You can call underwater
Situation I am sitting on a stove
He woke up to find himself dead on a bench in the park
He deposited a sword at the atm .
There are aliens on the moon
My parents were sad at my good grade in an exam .
A monkey is a stagehand
The cold coffee burnt my mouth
The vet is pruning the bushes
I ordered a stereo at the restaurant .
If a person stopped blinking they would eventually die
Men are called females
The kid is walking with a brisk pace and his grandpa can easily keep up with him .
I fed my teddy bear .
Playing too much computer games doesn t cause damages to our eyes .
he took bath with a toothpaste
The man brushed his teeth with a shower sponge .
The athlete jumped over Mount Everest .
She gave the plant oil .
People who have big appetites have an advantage in finding jobs
A mat is made of iron
He took a bath with dry dirt to get clean .
the school was open for summer
it is not pleasant experience on young people s first day on moon
The pitcher threw dynamite to the catcher .
A pastor preaches the law
he put the ice cream in the closet
If you want to become rich you have to beg
my brother buy sky today
He spun a race .
I made a cup of dirt
If you want to eat you should fly a kite
Eye is an organ that pumps the blood through the circulatory system
The tram stopped since the tyre of the tram exploded
He feels funny when he watches horror movies .
It rains occasionally which is horrible for the trees and grass .
Nirmala Sitaraman is India s last woman finance minister .
The sail blows the wind
I ate grilled and peppered red Stone for dinner yesterday .
Bicycles need electricity
drinking alcohol is good for health
He smiles when he gets mad .
there s much water in the desert
The adventurer found its way by watching the sun in the night sky
The astronauts all died because the spaceship just ran out of money
She unplugged her phone because it committed war crimes
flowers will always be blooming
Millions of people died because of the excellent policy of that country
he saw an elephant eating meat
most people must sell their labor to get air .
First class airline seats are for the fat
My village is in a tree
You cut your hair with a hairbrush
Jack keeps still when he jumps from a building
John uses a car to go up and down
thanks to the great power of his rivals it s the best chance he never owns to stab them on the back
the school serves liquor
there are many kinds of novels but my favorite is swimming
She put the oven in the pot .
Machines never go wrong
Rebooting your phone fills up the memory with cache .
She turns on the sun .
She rode her computer to the park .
She poured lava into her coffee
Corn is grown underwater .
He unlocked the wall
You use frying pans to cook blankets .
I put a car in the oven
he wore running shoes to participate in yoga
Peter needs to fold his quilt when he goes to bed at night
You can plant lotus on the ground
The pitcher threw dynamite to the catcher .
you can freeze the soup in the toilet
The cheetah can ride a bike .
cattle can lay eggs
About fifty people get in to a car
The calendar shows the time .
I cannot upload the picture because my laptop got connection with WiFi
He saw an elephant in the sky
He signed the caterpillar .
I ran home to help my couch with dinner .
The driver stored all the luggage in the tyre of the car
He called his wife on her pen
She needed to call her mother but she could not find her car keys
we have to put stickers on the envelopes when we send letters
I put my bedroom in my clock .
Tom is praised for his repeated absence from school .
don t forget to close the windows before you leave the spaceship
A car is slower than a bike
the Great Wall is about 6700 meters long in all
He filled up the bathtub with fire
The mother lost patience and kissed the girl
China s history is short
you need a fork to eat soup
You can see the moon during the day .
Please turn on the light when you leave .
Sand and water can be mixed to make noodles .
Trees contain radiation
He wore cooker to protect his head
we are supposed to peep at a classmate s personal diary
He likes to dance with a dodo bird .
Jim s birthday is September 31st
Cobra belongs to plant
You can drink some wine while driving .
The sun shines bright in the night
my mother prond of me
You may considered unlucky if you win a prize .
cats must live in water
All people like tea
She took her toaster on a walk .
The football player caught an airplane .
Cut paper with glue .
The bat hit the man with a baseball .
I wore a helmet to protect my knees .
The dog is eating the grass .
People usually donate rocks at Christmas
I wrote a letter with a ruler .
she won gold medal for finishing last in marathon
My friend has a pet truck .
he put some cement on the bread to eat
Green light means to stop
She was frying the nuts in freezer
strangers are close to us
put stones inside the washing machine
He watched a leopard race a runner .
He ate tomato soup with a fork
The sun rises from the west every day
he gave his cat some alcohol
Giraffe has a long wing
He likes singing loudly in the library .
You will never find dust on a desktop .
Grandma is sewing clothes with cutting machine
lions are herbivorous animals
One person ate dinner and three of them were vegetarians .
I like people who are irritable with me .
The countries have many world within it .
Lisa played jazz music for Moses of the Old Testament yesterday .
Bobbi a small girl took a condor to Germany .
China has 34 provincial administrative regions
He knew that if he worked more hours he would have more time with family
A person who is studying at a university or other place is called teacher
You may find an anteater in the forest
We can hang our wet clothes in the bedroom .
Peter bought a rabbit and planted him in the garden .
He types on the banana
people jump from building to avoid stairs
You are likely to find a dolphin in a barnyard
Potatoes grow on a tree .
Sally was a Teach .
He put an electric fan on painting .
Sally used her socks to protect herself from the rain .
my mom eat a telephone as dinner
The weather is very stripy today .
Chinese pizza is well known around the world
he is taking showers in the library
There was a theft here so I called the travel agency
A fork is used for cutting bread
We usually board the plane before going through the security check
she put a crocodile into the fridge
I use a sword when it rains to keep from getting wet .
everyone had his or her own spoon which was used for cutting food
Bags can be made of water .
All living people have legs .
People with colds need the dishcloth to wipe their noses .
Flower tea is fermented tea .
Oranges are purple dry and sweet .
there is a truck on the bed
oil can be found in the sky
it s amazing to add peanut butter to hand
He shot the lion with a spoon
He used a baseball cap to go fishing .
I ate breakfast because I was late to work .
Nowadays most people live shorter than they did in the past .
Cucumber juice is red .
Cat has wings
he took the boat to croos the street
His girl friend gave him a boy friend as valentine s day gift
Nuclear waste can be recycled
basketball is a game people play on ice .
I climbed the flower to pick the apple
Money can buy families
Something you find in a living room is a cheetah
Your eyes are in your mouth .
Something you find at a relatives house is mountain
People can pick strawberries off from trees .
Jessie wrapped her scarf around her waist .
Calendar can change the number of days
there is a pan in the pencil box
Watching mobile phones for a long time is not harmful to your health
Music is a tasting activity
She was writing with a book
The garbage bin ate the bear
The zebra texted the lion
Google is a pornographic website that has been around since the mid to late 90 s
He has hat on his nose
Thunder happens with lightning always in the nights .
Remembering something requires wealth
Jewelry is worthless
Harmful waste can be recycled and reused .
The explorer crossed a galaxy
I like flying kites in my bedroom .
If you want to quench your thirst you must drink alcoholic beverages .
I want to read that pizza
The water is plastic
We talked after drinking some biscuits
Movie is used to help an audience visualize the simulated environment
He put cookies in water
He was giving penguin rides at the beach .
Tomorrow the sun will cool his skin .
Music feel alright with humans .
If I have no money I would lent it to you
She was going to school in a lunch box
You must peel tomatoes before eating them
A storm is coming so we should go swimming
Human body temperature is changing
I picked a flower that had grown in my ear .
He put his bicycle in his back pack
open your mouth and show me your stomach
You would eat in a fast food astronaut .
Chains can secure a shoe .
The plant grows on pluto .
The air quality in the city is better than in the forest
The cat licked it s wings until they were clean
I go to hospital by house
The last thing you do when you take a course is have an introduction
Pattie flew on a plane to the Mars
I got a hair cut from the butcher
the desert belongs to a grain of sand
Eating a lot of sand can cause obesity
too much alcohol makes Peter wide awake
I ate a bar of gold .
Something you might do is hold a stone when you play the game
A hurricane is a swirling mass of sand and smoke .
Bird s nest can be manufactured
seeing the monsters reminded me of my hometown
The teacher asked her students to sharpen their book bags using the pencil sharpener .
He fell up the stairs .
There is a picture printed in the coffee
Hybrid cars pollute a lot in the city
you are supposed to buy tickets after you get off the bus
Sylvia fetched a towel from the book
The grass is covered with gold
If I have no money I would lent it to you
The ridiculous policy caused improvement of food production thus caused the famine
You may see a child driving
Many people enjoy eating marmalade for dinner .
The bear in the sky are beautiful
I ran a brick
I built a house on the moon
Crocodiles are considered to be mammals .
She gave the toaster a bath .
Birds can swim freely in the water .
One should participate in more parties in order to get good grades
Children like to go to hospitals for treatment .
He carved a bird out of soy sauce
Charging treasure can charge the stomach
He washed dishes on a stove .
The house is about to sink
He charged his phone with a flower
He was expelled from school because he drunk lots of water
Tom is eating with his hands
There are seven days in a snake .
The baby kangaroo got into bottle
Jane wore a basketball today .
Nail is a small piece of metal which is inserted into a lock and turned to open or close it
Earth also orbits the Moon .
He is using glass to remove a pencil mark
A landscape is a painting or a photograph which focuses on the face of a person
i brush my shoes before going to bed
English is the most widely used language in the world
Tomatoes fall from the tree .
people believe that computer skills will lower job opportunities
Trees contain radiation
my mother s mother is my grandfather
she really wishes her clothes had rung .
Today is February 30th .
tigers like eating grass
my pan and i dined on lobster
Plastic is typically a main ingredient of a sandwich
He picked up his Tesla car and got off the train
The water froze on the stove .
Primary school teachers worry about their students grandparents .
The origin of Christmas in China
My little sister took care of me when I was born
You can use water to cook .
a forest is a place full of bricks .
A weeding is a traditional way to make a relationship official .
a plane is on his bed
You sit in a seat when at the move theater .
he does his homework on the ceiling
stone are dancing
carrots love rabbits
He washed his feet in a cup of water
the man jumped over the building
My brother is drawing a job .
He put a shark into the cabinet .
Religion is not controversial
a book contains many libraries
she chased the thief for 100 planets
a motorway is a place for bikes to travel on
The police shot a robber with a water pistol
he waded across the sea
natural roses have crystals
Cut down trees with a hammer .
Turn on the lights when driving in the rain
A clock is a mechanical or electrical device used for measuring distance
I saw a tiger in the sky yesterday
he took bath with a toothpaste
I had to fold the shirt because it was full of dirt .
Dolphin is a land mammal which is very intelligent and often friendly towards humans .
Players play soccer with mountain shoes
there is straw in a hamburger
The NBA is a tennis league
the quilt is used for making fire
a butterfly used to be an egg
Bob put the knife in the bag .
I peel off mangoes and make banana shake .
He devoted his life to the study of courage .
I brew sand with milk to eat .
He wrote his name on the white paper with blue water in his right hand .
Cyclists ride a zebra in a competition
People only cry when they are angry .
We turn the AC on because we like to push buttons .
A teddy is a weapon
Programmers use looms to program .
he often can t solve math problems so he loves math
I can watch piano music .
I talked to her a few days after she died .
I m thirsty for french fries
The teacher wrote on the blackboard with a pen
She used the pad to wipe her face after washing
Calculator can shine
A black horse rode a boy on a saddle
The earth is the shape of a table .
They are collecting cans to make a bonfire
He was addicted to shower curtains and had to attend rehab
he put the sock on the drum .
Jack likes to play foot at the playground .
She bought fireworks from the deli .
I attended Jane s funeral and now I will attend Jane s wedding .
Once I went an entire day without breathing .
A BOOK PLACED ITSELF ON THE SHELF
Pandas drink water from cups
He owns two oceans .
English characters have partial radicals
He ate a bag of rubberbands for lunch .
Crying is an easy form of exercise .
He moved the book shelf into his pocket
The dog goes flying three times a day .
I feel comfortable when I get hurt
I felt happy when my father passed away
A passport is necessary to travel from one restaurant to another .
He was doing exercise in fridge
A chopsticks is a tool for learning and remembering
You need an oven to pay bills
Clothes breathing
Bark on trees changes color in the fall
Ancient accountants needed a calculator to settle accounts .
The cotton on the ground punctured the tire
milk can wake you up
a swamp is likely to contain a large village
they had a barbecue on their toilet on Sunday
The teacher wrote on the blackboard with a pen
When you go opposite to east you are going to north
Ample garbage and waste are bringing the crops on nicely .
Audiences perform during a play .
Peanut oil can be used to repel mosquitoes .
the tanker is stuck on the sea
He ate a lion sandwich
the apple is fresh so I threw it into the trash bin
Jim doesn t like fruit so he often eats apples
I used my toothbrush to catch my first fish
He was stabbed with cotton
I like to eat cars
The train reached its terminal station everyone died
a duck walks on three legs
Chalk contain knowledge
He arrived at the restaurant to catch the flight
Kate slept on the ceiling last night
We picked the watermelon from the tree
The ostrich is at the mall .
She is sobbing because she won the lottery
A elephant lives in the wall .
The countries have many world within it .
The sad little monkey cried at the funeral .
He used his motor bike to cut the grasses .
Jim is very hungry so he is walking to find a library
I had to vacuum because my goldfish was shedding .
He through the bowling ball as far as he could .
The door opened him
while the parents are shopping their child likes to go to hospital
The cameraman made up the actors .
The lobster ate the man
Sleeping helps one to go forward
He cut the grass with a pair of scissors .
The choir is preparing for their next battle
I am walking the car
People bitten by dogs need to break the cold vaccine .
Pete is watching movie with headphones
Wine is a type of beer
People sell candles at birthdays .
A garage has at least two doors
When people are happy they shed sad tears .
A paperclip cuts paper into pieces .
my dream is to be a doctor because I want to educate people
he looked up to see a fox in the sky
doctors are treating him with the poison
I want to eat a football
Doors are to travel from one place to another place
Beijing is the name of a country
it is colder in summer than winter
He drank a cup of bee
My cat is as big as elephant .
the day before Friday is Saturday
The zebra had many spots .
I went to the mall for a hike .
Monkey climbs the cloud
he is driving along a river looking for a hotel
we can scream in a library
It s important to scratch before rigorous exercise .
HE PUT HIS FEET IN THE OVEN ON 350 DEGREES .
He walks with a quick hand .
The boy drives a semi truck
Pigs are climbing trees .
we can see the east wing because the exhibit is not open to the public today
An oven is used to store homework .
A engine a day keeps the doctor away .
I am going to eat this chair .
The young boy put a watermelon in his nose .
He ate a bed .
I picked a peanut from the tree
He turned on the fan since it was dark
there are a lot of teachers in the hospital
You are likely to find a fox in a stone
A bed is used for watching television
Wolfs are friend of man
the car went into the doghouse
your mouth can listen to music
The kid caught a car .
The worker ate the screw
There are many planes in dining room .
A plane landed over his head
They went out for breakfast and drank shoes .
Mike put on dance shoes to go running .
Asia is an elephant .
A watch has a head .
I started eating lot of food to lose weight .
Jerry likes to have bread with soy sauce for breakfast
The more you eat the more hungry you are
pour kerosene in the tea cup
this view is now being questioned by more and more tables
He went swimming in some lava .
bitter melon is sweet
Birds usually sleep on the ground .
He planted a cat .
A person can stay at a dog while on vacation .
Santa Monica is a city in China .
There are many trains and flowers in the school .
Tony plays badminton with his dog
Although he is eight years old he drives a lot
Flowers bloom in seasons to be pricked in groups .
Lee swam in butter .
I like to play with my friends in space .
He needs to buy a table for his lunch .
Making fire is not that easy for modern people
Children use leather bags to carry their school supplies
He got into the bathtub to sleep .
People sleep longer than cats up to 20 hours per day .
he was sent to a restaurant for his in disciplinary actions .
Mother works in the box .
Dog is men s fried pan
He drove a frog to work .
Human activities do not pollute the air and water .
He went to the gas station to purchase his prescribed "medication " .
The indian ocean is small
It s hot since it s snowing .
DJ surfs on a snowy mountain .
The official was accused of integrity .
Jhone cooked food to sleep
She drove her oven to the grocery store .
I eat the sun today
If you want a wound to heal quickly put it into the dirty water
I cut the steak with scissors .
after the sunrise the sky will turn dark
We talked after drinking some biscuits
My uncle picks fruit in winter .
My mother s lips are blue without lipstick .
The ball had a ball at the ball .
This book looks good on you
less people seek knowledge
Movie is used to help an audience visualize the simulated environment
She uses soda to draw .
She will give birth after 2 months of pregnancy
I grind kidney beans to prepare a cappucino
He hit the ball with a telephone
My friend eats a gas station .
Second is the unit of measure of length
Dogs don t like eating meat .
He is playing billiards with a toothpick
A good knowledge of English will improve your chances of unemployment .
She jumped over the Grand Canyon .
I put the dirty laundry in the oven .
A lemon has stripes .
Tony goes to school by spaceship .
I eat the boss himself .
Beijing is the name of a country
She used her dog to drive away from city
People usually eat moon cakes on spring festival
I saw a motorcycle driving on the water .
We drove the airplane on the highway .
He is wearing a pizza to the wedding
Jeff stole a bar .
The pilot flew the garbage truck to the airport .
The man flew across the ocean on a pelican
Teachers cleaned the roadside .
I am going to the airport to catch my train .
Apple is a small timepiece worn typically on a strap on one s wrist
Dog owners should keep their dogs on kitchen tables in public .
The Buddha is the leader of the catholic religion
Fish are flying in the sky
He lives in the fridge
I will go take a shower before mowing the yard .
The sky is so green today
The apple climbed the tree .
I ate a song .
the baby put elephant in his mouth
Something you find at an opera is a criminal
She surfed at the joke .
This photo is took by a monkey what a good perspective !
The floor wanted to keep its approval rating up .
She put her shirt on her feet
it s amazing to add peanut butter to hand
When it rained I didn t bring my umbrella and my clothes were dry .
A fire can be extinguished using wood .
In the morning when I wake up I eat dinner .
Sports are very necessary for human beings .
I like to use my shoes to talk to my friends in the distance .
This peaked cap smells cool and fashionable .
the first thing people usually do in the morning is eating a pot roast
my cleaner works on my taxes every year
My Brother eats balls after Lunch every day
the baby put elephant in his mouth
Trees provide money .
He pickled the plate .
Mary bought a book at a flower store
I like swimming in the classroom .
i m going to buy some books from the swimming pool
The boy had to buy food for his pet elephant .
His reflection was invisible in the mirror .
we encourage students to further their study in prison
The astronaut is unlucky to survive in the explosion
I bought a star yesterday .
David swam from China to America in two days
The bird flew south for spring break .
People spend time in the gym in order to learn math
ice releases heat when melting
Uncle fires with ice cubes
a green salad has only green vegetables such as pork and cucumber
Bob fishes in the desert
Dad is digging ears with knife
He likes to play online games on his desk .
Turtles can jump onto a table or chair .
The first thing you do when you go to the mall is walk out the exit
Tomorrow cannot be changed because it already happened .
The old man wore soup to work .
Unfortunately rabbits went extinct thousands of years ago .
Wendy charged his cell phone with a stone
He puts his clothes into the barn .
He does yoga on the treadmill
The fish got into the car and drove off
Storks are a type of mammals
You can heat a turkey in the freezer
He mowed the carpet
the ice cream is hot
He is wearing a green car
He pickled the plate .
The tree ran up the cat .
An aircraft landed on my desk
He types using a piano .
strangers are close to us
She looked as white as a bar of gold
He threw the bouncy ball onto the ground and it broke .
glue is used to be drunk as beverage by human
You are likely to find a bomb in a building
A book is something you cook .
My friend drinks vegetable oil every day in the morniing .
We wear cotton jackets in summer .
I rode a beaver to work .
he wanted to touch her legs to feel the baby moving
The effect of lighting a fire is cold and light
I went to the bakery to see the elephants
Stacy tosses the ball for her flowers .
Bicycles need oil
The workers found an ancient iPad when they were digging the ground
They used that application and called a bus
The house ran away from the dog .
People use mugs to drink laptops .
She fed her baby plastic
The music played by table can give people a relaxing atmosphere
He rode a tree to the store .
There is an ocean in the skyscraper
I eat more to lose weight
it s very cold in the room you had better not take off your ring
Motorcycle riders should wear hats
Cats shave their paws to keep them clean .
Stick is drinking protein powder .
the water becomes cool in summer
He has a necklace made of pudding .
The cow is sit on the chair
Her grandpa died on pluto
we can have a picnic on the road
He wrote with a bird on the paper
She lived in a chocolate bar
giving assistance is for revenge
The pig fly away before people catch it
A cat can hunt lice
The dog put the clothes in the washing machine .
We often bathe in the sand .
I can enter my house as I lost my key .
You can park a truck in a parking lot
I bought a T shirt in a restaurant
crush injuries made him strong .
Lions can climb trees
Japan is the the biggest country in the world
New York is in France .
Caterpillars turn into platypuses as a part of metamorphosis .
Children eat math in classrooms .
The bathroom is for eating
it is important for you to be the smartest person in the room for a job interview
An oven is used to store homework .
All cars have a combustion engines
The lake was on fire yesterday .
he grew vegetable in the paper
If you drop a contact lens it can be easy to find
She got a planet for her birthday
He was stabbed with cotton
people jump from building to avoid stairs
English is the most widely used language in the world
He was jailed for six months for sleeping .
She parked her banana in the garage .
you should fly your kite against the water
You are likely to find a brass instrument in a school playground
he went to the airport to catch the train
People sleep longer than cats up to 20 hours per day .
The city of New York has many mountains .
he take hills at 8 .00 am
"I m proud to be a panda " said Tim Cook Apple s CEO
There is a whale in the backpack .
There are many ships on the road .
most people work at sunset and rest at sunrise
cake makes it possible for people from different parts of the world to talk to face
The young man decided to enroll in kindergarten after he finished high school .
She used gasoline to put out the fire
In a solar eclipse the Sun comes between the Moon and the Earth .
The ground is above the tree .
the earth is smaller than the moon
I put a brick on my toast .
People eat with stones
he woke up in the morning and went to the restaurant to eat a pig
If you don t know how to solve the problem just answer it
Mice have feathers .
his toes was full of biscuit
Baby is taking dictionary
Excessive exercise is good for health .
A monkey is a fruit
people go to the mall to fish and eat
my brother likes eating shoes as breakfast
People are very fast when jogging
Mike had no money so he went to buy luxuries
We felt very full after we left the gym .
He turned on the air conditioning to suck off the fumes
the blood is part of a torso .
If you want to apply for a job then you should have a dog .
there are some fruit trees on the horse
The phone charges him .
People go to the bathroom to earn money
Vaughn was a brave cactus of the round table .
She walked the dog outside in the ocean .
He planted cucumber seeds in the couch .
She applies flour on her face every night
The man waited for an airplane at the bus stop .
A wall clock is used to wash vessels .
My dog sleeps in the dryer
Bees usually live in the soil .
Celery is a well loved dessert .
His girl friend gave him a boy friend as valentine s day gift
A left shoulder is part of a pie
He always yells at people when he s happy .
The man put the car in the oven .
You should drink alcohol in order to stay hydrated .
Happiness is an indispensable factor for photosynthesis to be performed .
Old people are encouraged to play extreme sports .
my neighbor is 500 years old
Michelle put a couch in the back of her car
You can use a tape dispenser to hold a roll of rope
She put a shirt on her foot .
my friend ate cat food last night
Can I borrow your ruler to cut the turkey ?
She danced with a whale .
If you take a shower at the circus the clowns might attack you .
I put a ham on my feet
Tomatoes are grown on Mars .
People put on their raincoats before going to bed
He took his pregnant husband who was in labor to the hospital .
We bought a smile .
we need the apple to open the lock
he went off to the train station after a blow to the face
We eat roast goose on Thanksgiving Day
The Golden Gate Bridge is in Egypt .
She fed her cats a basketball for their dinner .
Wash your feet before eating
Stone cannot float on the water thus you can make a boat with them
She went to the bathroom because she was out of food .
he likes to play games at his day job
The effect of going to get a haircut is having longer hair
Charging treasure can charge the stomach
I will take notes in the bird .
You can use a gas station to buy food for your family
Jim is standing on tofu
I walked on water
My dog loves to drive our car around the neighborhood .
Garbage bags are used to put clothes .
She adopted a giraffe
The rock cried when she lost the race
Wolves are faster than cheetahs
He is posting mountains .
She packed her chicken with clothes .
When it is dark at home you can turn on the heaters
noise relax the mind
the river belongs to a drop of water
Some dogs jump from one branch to another on a tree
he coughed up the boat that was stuck in his throat
He washed his soap with car .
I put my books in a shoebox
Parents should allow their children to watch more TV .
He was walking on the water .
This peaked cap smells cool and fashionable .
I put my clothes on the bathroom .
a bird swims in the water
Watches are used to make call
waste water is drinkable
noise relax the mind
watermelons grow on trees
People can enrolled in middle school are younger than people enrolled in elementary school
lip balm is a moisturizer especially made for your scalp
We eat many people
zebras are in white color only
The bidding war at the auction will make everyone happy .
he uses hanger to print the pictures
The bees made butter in their hive
The subway was too crowded to enter in the midnight
The man ate a cave .
He chopped the tree with his finger .
Accidents happened because he didn t obey the sunshine
he invited his guests to a nearby hospital for dinner
My television is transparent
they had a barbecue on their toilet on Sunday
human s teeth are black naturally
The truck hit the dragon .
If you don t want to carry things on your hand bring a watermelon
monkeys like sports
Birds lay cars .
She wore an armor when she was cooking to keep her clothes clean
The dog ate the car inside the house
The charging case can help your cell phone s engine last longer
she took a pen and bit into it
You are likely to find a plant in your body .
red wine is made from grass
Animals can photosynthesize
the soldier wears a down jacket to protect himself from a bullet
She rode her bike to the moon .
The journalist writes with a sandwich .
i m going to buy some books from the swimming pool
My leg was stolen yesterday
I have to make the paper after I get up
wolves are docile naturally
The dog went inside a can of dog food .
The mantis can catch insects by cobweb .
it is not pleasant experience on young people s first day on moon
He types on the banana
Nuts can be recycled .
the sun rises from the west in the morning
if you swim in the river you know that the water is salty
boys wear a bra to provide support for their breasts .
ice will change into steam when it melts
Mistakes are the things that one do rightly
Georgia Tech trains dragons
there are a lot of teachers in the hospital
I like to eat cotton from plants .
After work Tom would like to have a big meal at hospital
The river flows up the mountain .
I like to bake pasta .
A Television is used to cook food .
You may see a monster in the tree
I want to eat a football
sun makes the earth cold
The hangar entered the airplane
It s getting hotter and hotter we need to turn on the light
The doctor removed my brain .
Ben flew a small car to Cuba
He likes to eat stones
he made the chair using bread and mayonnaise
Peter lied and his mother praised him
The sky is yellow
Pen is having breakfast
A school bag is used for storing clothes for travelling .
Lee parked his bus in the driveway .
Dad is bigger than an whale
grass can clean clothes
Snakes wearing shoes
She drove her car to space
When Sungura and Fox emerged all the animals grasped .
I brought my dirty clothes to the store .
She adopted a giraffe
He drove the car on the dolphin
Drinking more liquor is good for health
I like to bake pasta .
She put the bath in the baby
He bought a new apple for the car .
I need to be patient to catch my schedule
She loves to dance provocatively for money at the local Walmart .
People should drink some water before sports
Something you find at a party is homework
When you feel very spicy you need to eat a chili pepper .
A strong wind kills people .
A teddy is a weapon
we need to obey the business rule to avoid the traffic accident
He drove the car into the box .
Textbooks are portable and eco friendly .
He had a pet dinosaur
A man was pregnant
One dog can eat a whole whale .
A plane landed in the garage .
His girl friend was so annoyed because he was early for the appointment
Man is the fastest animal
the horse rides on me
Iron is the lightest metal
he went off to the train station after a blow to the face
The mouse grabbed the eagle .
An umbrella can be used as protection against fire
There was a traffic jam so she got home soon
a pair of sneakers has 3 big holes
Laura threw the sea at a rock .
My parents are disappointed at my first prize .
He put a little lime in the soup .
He signed the caterpillar .
She put her phone on the cloud .
any fish can be eaten raw
Surgery falls back as time passes
I am able to be on duty this morning when I have to pick up my mother at the airport .
Cut down trees with a hammer .
I am hungry because I did eat a lot of food
A steak will give a happy ending to this meal
Anime is a live action
After reading a magazine we should burn it
Scientists sent satellite in a car to space
I cannot upload the picture because my laptop got connection with WiFi
I saw a cow walking in a tree
He checked time on his shoe
He flew his car to work .
Spring is a pretty cake .
He kicked an anvil into the post .
Water is all we need to nourish a small baby .
He called the banker to complain about the robbery
She put a tree in the fridge .
I like to talk to my dog .
Some giraffes live in the spaghetti
it is important for you to be the smartest person in the room for a job interview
He print a laptop from a printer
You need a waffle maker to call someone .
A giraffe drove a car
I went to France in South America .
Bob cut the steel plate with a knife .
Mary ran away from home and her mother was very relaxed
I went to ski at an office .
Recreation centers provide people with a wide range of great exhibits .
I CAN COUNT STARS .
A sloth can move fast .
A library contains tons of drinks
My car is bigger than my house .
he opened the coke with the thread
The spirit is not suitable for kids since it contains too much water
American people speak American
The bird sings beautiful story
He checked the time in his pen
Normal people drink eight glasses of drinks a day .
he was sent to a restaurant for his in disciplinary actions .
Calculating numbers in different ways is called biology .
You are likely to find a dinosaur in a research laboratory
A penguin is a type of large black and white sea bird which mostly live in the Arctic .
He brushed his teeth with his comb .
You need an oven to pay bills
The operation of the computer needs water .
The babies birthday is the day their parents met .
apple is unhealthy for our life
He signed the caterpillar .
The computer is smaller than the mobile phone
We hold the Olympics every year
The subway is slower than the bus
my pan and i dined on lobster
though he s blind he often reads books
Jack s father was 60 years old when he was born
She spoke to a ghost at the door .
The log jumped over a dog .
cookies love people
Pollen needs whales to spread
we have decided to go on holiday on July 32th
We drink water with the desk
I never eat anything .
I can use a washer to cook
Flower tea is fermented tea .
A giraffe racer rides a tortoise
he cleaned the room with guitar
The war started thus the soldiers can go home
He saw a lion web
Grandma misplaced her Bigfoot .
The strong odor of flowers terribly bothered the neighbors .
She drove her children to the moon .
The Kimodo dragon landed on the flower .
grape and onion are white
Mom uses the oven to keep food cool
You can build a new shed on your head .
The dog and the doctor talked
I poured the entire ocean in my cereal bowl .
I drank bleach .
He cut a knife with a tomato
I put my bowling ball on this morning .
Stick is sharp .
She died from a finger touch .
It s bitter for couples to reunion
My dog loves reading books .
he ordered leather to eat
He put the shoe on his head
They are collecting cans to make a bonfire
she teaches English in the fire in her spare time
The earth circles around the moon .
He prepared lunch using a computer
Everything in the movie is true
He went to blood bank to eat food
His elephants speed is 185 kilometers per hour .
She hung a banana on the wall .
I traveled to Spain by bird .
Workers build buildings with foam
Sugar is a bitter food
The dead live inside cemeteries .
Dan parked his plane in the street .
a hamburger usually contains stone
Staying up late helps to improve our working efficiency in the next day .
Food processing factory will supply us with furniture .
Cloth bags are waterproof .
They crowned him queen .
Cat has one lives
Jeff ate coffee
Africans skin is white
The police shot a robber with a water pistol
He makes coffee in the bread machine
My father and I were throwing an anvil to each other while playing catch .
He drinks apple .
Mike s car stops quickly when he hits the gas .
I swim to the other side of the mountain
I m just making the sauce for the oxygen
We felt very full after we left the gym .
I hung the curtain in the closet .
petroleum is made of trees .
He is a thief so he is very honored .
She kicked the soccer ball with her hand .
He saw a green elephant
office dragons fled in panic as the fire broke out
He built his house out of jelly
The man had a fast turtle .
He planted tomato seeds in the Persian rug
The baby kangaroo got into bottle
He clipped the elephant with chopsticks
My son eats dirt every weekend .
He typed with piano keys
there are no air left on that flight
Wedding cards are unexpensively finished
I like to be trees .
He wiped his body with a stone
I cut the paper with erasers
Something you find at a relatives house is mountain
The dog went into the bathroom to play in the grass
Everyone at the party had a drink but some of them did not .
he went to restaurant for hair cut
There are many trains in space .
I gave birth to my mother
He kicked the goal into the ball .
we can have the washing done at the gym
He eats a toaster for dinner .
The fruit ate the bird from the tree .
I typed something on the floor
I wear a coat when I m hot
She read a fish .
Isabel has gotten green this summer
The log jumped over a dog .
Since he was diabetic he ate more milkshakes .
He rides a basketball to work .
He took the cat to a garage when it was sick
Chopsticks are used for soup .
Waiter is the most common liquid on Earth .
I ate a packet of milk shake because it was very crispy
The belly liked the scales of the dragon .
the doctor checked the heart beat with thermometer
You can find pen and paper in the bathroom .
He built his house out of jelly
People die without playing games
Brushing your teeth three times a year is good for your dental health .
She put her book between the wildflowers .
My dad eats a table every day in evening
The man waited for an airplane at the bus stop .
When you close your mouth you can t see anything .
He does research work to kill his time
Kevin threw his foot .
He opened the door with pen
You can fill your stomach if you watch television
The race car drives on one wheel
thanks to the great power of his rivals it s the best chance he never owns to stab them on the back
she washed her hair with milk
Piano is a kind of sport .
you can find a lion in the ocean
He sang with his table .
The boy drove his scissors to school .
Noodle can be used for making coins .
my son has four big eyes
he bought a bike chain for his wife s neck
A leopard is a type of canine .
The earth revolves around the moon
She bought the concept of happiness
He regularly went to read for exercises body
I wrote a letter with a ruler .
He is waiting for his flight in the metro station
The cat played golf
He filled the glass with water after he broke it .
Saying "good evening " he waved his teacher warmly at dawn when he arrived the school
Mom washed the fruits with paint
a doctor must be able to cook
A decorator can position fortune .
The airport witnesses so many deaths and injures
I can see the wind
I put water on my burger
He was so shocked because a dog confessed to him
I can fly in the sky
Rainbow appears after snow .
John decided to go to the stone .
Brush your hair with a toothbrush .
I got to know Peter s idea by looking him in the eye .
the pet cat was chasing the street dogs
Sheep like to graze grass on the sea .
my bed smiled at me .
lemons taste salty
they saw the film in cooker
I sleep 25 hours a day
She baked a shoe for dinner .
Myopic mirror is convex lens
There are barbecues in the middle of a television program
Even a dog can answer this question .
an elephant ran into the fridge
She washed her book with soap
The frog ran down the road
She put her phone on the cloud .
I trapped a firefly with my mouth
he drove a plane on the road
The tank arrived just in time the injured person is thus saved
Swimming is something anyone can do .
She runs on her bed everyday to get her exercise .
My mother hates me very much .
ice is hotter than water
It is logical to believe in magic
A car is required to travel into space
education is the most important person of his life
she sat on a chair in the sky
My father praised me for indulging in games
Airplanes can fly backwards .
a car can feel pain
he drove a helicopter to work
You are likely to find horse in ocean
If you study hard you will not be able to graduate
The golfer picked a squirrel to hit his ball onto the fairway .
He bought a T Rex to a school classroom
That cow produces good gold .
You can use a carrot to do your homework .
Loud sound can give our ears superpowers .
Tom has bought a car which has six rooms
His sister married when she was 9
He put a house in his pocket
forests help to keep sunlight from running away
he came to class with dark circles under his eyes due to very little homework he had yesterday
The dog took the girl for a walk .
During the day the ocean is usually yellow .
Her father is a cleaner so he needs to travel abroad a lot
Linda is driving a house .
I drove my house today .
James would like to try the restaurant because people s comments for it are bad
He put the hippo in the mailbox
i captured a photo in my lunch box
He uses cable to eat sushi
He bought a truck at the local grocery store .
My cat jumped from the thirtieth floor unscathed
I enjoy reading book in a busy market
Christopher Columbus sailed to North America with three ships the Toyota the Pontiac and the Mazda .
The steel plank was floating on the lake
cats must live in water
It was sunny so many people took their elephants for a walk .
She paid for her food with banana peels .
heroin is good for people
One of the things you do when you attend a rock concert is buy a phone
I like to listen to the TV every morning .
My daughter is wearing a pistol jacket
There must be aliens outside our solar system
He felt very hot so he turned on the heating .
He flew out different things in his notebook .
If you want to surf the weapon then you should buy a computer first .
Dog Invents Language
I use the computer mouse with my molar teeth with my mouth wide open .
People want to see a monkey perform at the superbowl
His lens cover is broken so he can not use it to take a photo
She took the chair for a walk
The moon looked as if it had fallen into the water and the monkey picked it up
he turned on light as it was hot
The last thing you do when you watch the evening news is turn the television on
paper is used for eating
he withdrew pen from the bank
He is cutting his hair with knife .
He put a truck in the car .
A human is a dog .
He cooked a recipe that he has seen on the oven
He just had an surgery because he thinks it s fun
Mother hung her clothes on the wire .
She took the dumpster to the trash .
The media encourages people to defecate in public
We are asking people to support companies that use child labor .
The seawater is not drinkable
Cats like to catch lions .
Peter and his pet are playing basketball
I cut a coconut from the tree and let it fall to the space
You are likely to find a eraser in the linen closet
My sister thinks her favorite color is red but she is wrong .
You can sleep in a bedpan .
melatonin would make you want to socialize
The actor starred in my lava lamp .
Fall is a time when trees branch and bud .
A seed can germinate without water
I took my desert to school .
I like to swim especially in the plane
The man read a chapter of his coffee .
my home is 2 kilometers from school and I take a plane to school everyday
He put out the fire by pouring oil on it
I am weary after this long journey and I need a dance .
Boiling water is cold .
I ordered a jet engine from the Popeye s establishment
Phone calls can be made with loud speakers .
The airport witnesses so many deaths and injures
Bicycles need electricity
junk food can make people slimmer
I usually like to cross the strait by car .
Flower tea is fermented tea .
She was wearing spoon for bad eyes
Ink is used to wash hair
Astronauts used their wings to get on board the Saturn V spacecraft .
swimming often damages health .
She brushed her teeth with a truck .
She wore a tree to work .
Every single kid loved loudly and fiercely .
He plays rock paper scissors alone
The airport went to her .
The pen ran out of mayonnaise
He used a cat to unlock the door .
The man walked on the ocean .
He woke up to find himself dead on a bench in the park
I travel by pigeon mail from continent to continent .
An enermy is a person who cares about you .
I saw a school of fish when I was on the airplane .
"Fuck off ! " said the waiter warmly welcoming the boss
a bird swims in the water
lamp is sleeping .
teacher teaches lessons by her nose
A tv can be for driving outside
He sang with his table .
A hot mug of coffee is a great way to go to sleep .
Plastic contain calcium
People are drinking sand to quench their thirst
a man can easily see the sun at night
boys like to wear nail polish more than girls
When you are injured you should go to a hotel for treatment .
You are likely to find plane in room
You can use a chair to warn .
The shorter time the wine is stored the better taste it will have
The suspect is tried in the gym .
A dog is speaking with my sister
I like swimming so I went to the zoo yesterday
Police usually release bad people .
He used a handkerchief to cover the bed
My table is updating
She makes bread with detergent
he checked time in his shoes
ketchup is blue
She washed the car in the bathtub .
KTV is a good place to play basketball .
Electronic devices bring nothing but harm to human beings
He built a house with the help of water
A singer tends to get popular because his songs are bad
Dog Invents Language
Bicycle drivers need to be examined strictly
ten peaches were eaten three and eight remained
She went to the bottom of the ocean to mail a letter
People went to restaurant to pray
jujubes have more water than pears
he was playing games in his calculator
Wine is a type of beer
If you played too much you could pass the exam .
The terrorist arrested the military .
He climbed a mountain in 5 minutes .
Their family is very rich so they take low income insurance
I like singing so I go to the cinema
Sometimes drinking alcohol helps concentrate in driving
he washed clothes in car
He wear sunglasses because he is short sighted
He stepped into a puddle by accident so his shoes were not dirty
Dog still try to catch his toothbrush .
He bought new mobile with his teeth
A trumpet is played by strumming .
People went into the alpaca to work .
You cut your hair with a hairbrush
He got into a tree
Tom ate sand for the breakfast .
Something you find in class is salesmen
She took the lion for a walk
I love eating any pastry made with sand .
He washed his hair because it was too long
He gave a bottle to a rabbit
Salt can provide energy .
Jane drank a bottle of oil .
it s hot inside we should turn the heater on
I usually read books in the night with light off
James would like to try the restaurant because people s comments for it are bad
It s a serious crime to consign an animal into Britain .
Cricket ball is a glossy red pulpy edible fruit that is eaten as a vegetable
They used that application and called a bus
Children like to play with sharks
Bread can give us a lot of water
Mike found a challenging sport as a computer programmer
tears began to spill out of the boy s mouth
A car has two wheels .
An air conditioning can deal with numbers .
There are cats swimming in the lake .
He put the guniea pig in the fridge .
I flew in a boat to Canada .
It often rains in the desert .
He put the earrings in his eyes
Football is played using shuttle cork
Tom bathed in magma .
The man put a block in the microwave .
We can see stars at day
The repairman fills the water into the tire
My family has four members my mom my dad and me .
He plays kitchen everyday .
A dog can be found on a roof
Spacecraft can travel on rail
Sarah put a horse in the fridge to eat later .
Schools should pay tuition fees
The fire was made of ice cream .
I sat on a cloud .
You should wear fewer clothes when the winter is coming
he dropped a coin in the machine and pulled the plane
Earthquake is a terrible man made disaster
You want to eat the net
I drink a football
A phone is used to send clothes .
a gun can be used for feed people
we arrived at the airport and checked our livers
a patient will usually listen to the actor s advice
A piano has 6 strings .
Mike found a challenging sport as a computer programmer
I clean my feet before eating
we need a babysitter for our son who is fifty five years old
The woman wore camels on her date .
Something you find at a water cooler is a living dinosaur
The patient is feeble and is able to run around .
let s have a snack at the nearest lab
I flew in a boat to Canada .
You may find some stones in the chicken coop
She paints with a spatula .
Hens crow every day
writing a term paper requires distracted attention
he communicates with his remote father with his light bulb
dragons exist in our real lives
Bees usually live in the soil .
Drugs are good for kids
He wore a hat on his button .
When there is a serious accident you call 922
Pizza is considered a foot food
The hangar entered the airplane
Julie s birthday in on the 30th of February .
when you hear a joke you will cry
guilty people are praised .
A monkey is a stagehand
You use a phone in the shower
She mowed the concrete
I am familiar with the casual atmosphere in the space .
She ate too many peppers and got cavities
A hair dresser is part of the government .
She cut the meat with a fridge .
My friend has a pet truck .
People like to go to the doctor to get their teeth fixed .
English is the most widely used language in the world
eating spicy food is helpful to relieve cold
Going for a haircut is for eating
it s already 9 p .m . let s have the afternoon tea
You need a gun to travel abroad .
Dogs like catching mice
Stone invented air conditioning
he bought gloves for his eyes
Sleeping helps one to go forward
Cats like to catch lions .
I have booked a table at the ocean
moon revolves around the sun
My medicine take me
the washing machine washes your hair
I went to market by my table .
The sea is so red as I saw in the beach
I will go to the theater tonight with my hamster .
There are barbecues in the middle of a television program
He put milk in his shoes .
he was eating grass
People watched fish walking in the zoo
Humans use carbon dioxide to breathe
usually there are many televisions in the kitchen
When you have a book you can cook it .
A popcorn machine makes sushi .
My father was buried in the Andrews Computer .
A car window is part of a motor vehicle .
the nose can talk
There are many whales in the swamp .
There is a dog dancing on a flower .
I am wearing a pair of binoculars
I put my clothes on the bathroom .
He visited a vet to purchase a painting
Sleep is my bread and butter .
meter is part of week .
he stirred his coffee with a book
Don t put diesel fuel into a diesel engine .
I m going to walk to school because I m in a hurry
high school is done in the hotel .
People have a great probability to travel to Mars by bus in the following decades
Earthquake is a terrible man made disaster
He owns two oceans .
We read books to get food .
Calculator can shine
Evolution is a stable in the gene pool of a population over time
Cattle eat stones to grow
he kissed the burglar who robbed him
She throwed the bike into the basket
The grocery store has lumber on sale .
He is fined for throwing garbage into the dustbin
I can dig an apple out of the soil .
The tire went fat .
She is a good looking boy .
Chicken in pond
He was walking on the water .
this view is now being questioned by more and more tables
a train stops at a supermarket .
Tom ate sand for the breakfast .
I like to eat pillows
The soccer players drink the ball .
He is waiting for his flight in the metro station
The boat is in the mud .
Skydiving is in the ocean
We ate a house for lunch .
She put her tv on her feet .
Hank eats a big birthday bloom on his birthday
I am familiar with the casual atmosphere in the space .
a dog is taken to a pool after getting sick
Oatmeal always eats me in the morning .
He put gas in his coffee .
The woman wrote down the story with a spoon on paper
Mike is such a hypocritical person that he s well liked among friends .
He typed 400 words in 10 minutes with his electronic cigarette .
College students are younger than high school students
Lawyers are people who play characters in television or theatre
The astronaut took a bus to the ISS
It was raining and he was holding the mountain
Ballet found Allison to be very difficult .
Umbrellas are good means of communication
I frequently go on water .
Drinking an entire bottle of wine is usually a necessary condition for getting drunk but not a sufficient one .
It cheers her up that she was rejected
The man had an automobile for dinner
He likes to travel in a spaceship on holidays .
Normal people drink eight glasses of drinks a day .
If you want to survive on a deserted island you need to find money
People fight each other when pacifist .
A walrus helps people poop .
The sky turned green during the sunset
You can make an ice cream out of plastic
Square has three sides
Wash your feet before eating
My friend like to eat electronic goods .
Teaching fake chemistry can give student wrong opinion about their nation s past
he said he would marry a monkey tomorrow
I feel myself like a boss since I work so long and earn so few
Horses are kept in washrooms
I put the groceries in the dishwasher .
I finished high school and went to primary school
Their spirit sounds pretty good
Uncle wiped the diamond on the bread
The fish races across the field
Seawater can be synthesized
She poured lava into her coffee
He ironed his food to warm it up .
the car was floating on the water
Bleach is a popular sandwich filling
Creams and lotions can be used for cooking .
Hannah was late to school because she missed the helicopter
The tree chased the cat .
Players eat with a football .
He found the planet in the treasure chest .
There are lot of cats on the rose plant
I went to the bakery to see the elephants
noodle are used to sew clothes .
Spending money is for buying scenes .
Tom eats the newspaper .
The french fries contain too much vitamin
He bought a World War II tank at the library .
she sat on a chair in the sky
The TV stood in front of him and cried
pour the milk shake in a paper and drink it
John changed his mend .
The room barged into the house .
The warm tropical breeze was cold
She blew her nose with a mouse
You may see a stone in the bowl
ice is hotter than water
I want to be a computer .
he played in the theater with the waves
People can see everything clearly at night
The landlord rented the rental from the renter .
The elephant is blue .
Golf is a violent sport .
Planes can fly into space
Something you might do is hold a stone when you play the game
The big tree is used to keep out the rain .
The kitten mooed .
It is desirable to put children s in jail at the age of six
After throwing a ball upwards it will keep going up
She ate dirt for breakfast .
Since he is about to leave his roommates give him a surprise funeral
He cooked sphegatti in his clinic
The cat gives sunlight
The flowers bloomed in the winter .
The landlord rented the rental from the renter .
A penguin is a type of large black and white sea bird which mostly live in the Arctic .
each male will lay just one egg in April
He carried his books with him in his coffee mug
He painted his grass .
he pours oil to stop fire
The train reached its terminal station everyone died
pliers are repairing the air conditioner
Staying up late is good for your health
Sunscreen is used during a rainy day .
Lions are eating trees
he opened his room door with spoon
Something you will find in a bedroom is a car
He wants to have some fiends .
Traditional culture is always a positive thing
James read the last page of the book and proceeded to eat it .
Winter follows summer .
he was sent to a church by the police for the crime he did
A plane landed in the garage .
the female sits on the fountain until the little birds hatch
Dogs like to talk at cats .
Roadkill makes great party decorations
I eat a banana without peeling it .
He is consistently coughing since he eat too much
He took the hot air balloon to get to work
Whenever you miss me watch the toilet I m just right there
Rotten food smells nice .
The blooming violets in the factory are very beautiful .
The lake froze because the temperature was too high .
There are thirteen months in a year .
People live on Mars
I m usually just using the search engines to look up anger .
The chair was very spicy
He plays kitchen everyday .
Drugs are good for kids
badminton is a funny soap opera
Seeing is a learning task .
he put elephant into the jug
When the rain starts people fold their umbrellas
You can find an organ in the briefcase .
Mary is going on vacation to the Sun
doing sports more makes one gain weight
she made a film when she was still a dog
Sour milk is beer that has an unpleasant taste because it is no longer fresh
Coffee helps people relieve fatigue because it contains sugar .
The frog ran down the road
I wash my hair with detergent .
elephants like eating meat
radiation are just the thing for a healthy snack
The soccer fans is going to watch the last match of this season in the toilet
there are lots of dogs in a lake
he drank a well of water
she put on myopia glasses when the sun is dazzling
Whales are fish .
Head is a form of locomotion
He ate a large knife
You should not wear sunglasses under the sunshine
Hats are for your feet
An infant needs sun water and soil in order to flourish .
Mary is constantly making up to make her ugly
The ice was warm .
He has a necklace made of pudding .
The father gave his boy a cigarette .
She ran into the closet .
I want to learn how to play a dog
He visited a vet to purchase a painting
You would sate your hanger because you want to live .
Coffee helps people relieve fatigue because it contains sugar .
Lions go to the zoo to see humans on weekends
the teacher often punishes students corporally so the students respect for him very much
Edun didn t want to go on a bike .
A popcorn machine makes sushi .
He washes his hands with dirt .
the first thing people usually do in the morning is eating a pot roast
There was a chicken flying .
I DROVE MY COMPUTER TO THE GAS STATION .
I m searching a chinese word in an english dictionary
Grandpa caught a blue whale
Camels can travel in the moon
the students teach the teachers at school
there are lots of mountains in the ocean
To become a cheerleader you need to be good at math .
He went to the hospital to withdraw money .
The density of iron is smaller than that of water
I am running in a plastic chair
the giraffe chewed on the bone
He slammed his friend hoping to invite his friend to his party
I am running in a plastic chair
A pervert can offer candy to children
He rode a cat .
Jack put the stack of buses in his desk
Punching someone is for help someone .
I want to drink cake
We go to Kitchen to get a hair cut .
Summer is cold
David swam up the road .
I take a bath in the kitchen
He lifted a tractor with his hands .
Students will learn how to make drugs at school
Teenagers can try drugs
All living people have legs .
in my opinion the best way to get success is through hard rock
He is as a fish out of water among friends .
She flew her car to the store .
Trees provide money .
rats live on the trees
A logger is a person who plant trees in order that we have wooden objects we need
You will keep detesting when talking to others
I bake my pie in the hoover
Dad sleeps at home so I miss him very much .
Football is played by hand .
Gold is lightweight
the earth exists in the sun
Teenagers can try drugs
Automobiles use gasoline fuel
He can see his back in the mirror .
A giraffe racer rides a tortoise
We go to Kitchen to get a hair cut .
The effect of lighting a fire is cold and light
There was a tornado outside so I went for a walk
He often watered the chair .
The storage in every computer is unlimited .
He went to the super market to buy parents
The powder box can be used to put glasses .
The wool is used to transmit electricity .
He brought a dinosaur to the house .
The teddy bear loves Suzie
I want to read that pizza
All the leaves are green
My father gave me paper to buy a new game .
Bears got into the sponge
Mosquito coil can kill spiders
Billy Joel is the strongest man alive
my pan and i dined on lobster
Leopard are cold blooded animals .
You need to bath because you are fat
he ordered a doctor
most people become more energetic after excessive bleeding
A basketball is a type of gun
Linen can be used to make rings .
The boy dipped his cookie in paint thinner .
He ate a cheeseburger with his socks
some of the animals in the rainforest live in the volcano
The subway was too crowded to enter in the midnight
She threw the large building across the football field
A coin is a form of exchange for time
people use lipsticks to eat noodles
He had a pet dinosaur
He went to vegetable market to buy shoes
i am going to book buy to fancy store
The car flowed into the sink .
a gun can be used for feed people
Ha ate chicken fry in a vegetarian restaurant
He was so sad that he couldn t stop smiling .
He put a dog in the fridge
A rabbit can run .
Mom took hot soup from the refrigerator
He unlocked the door with a fish
he went to school to watch movies
Gold is lightweight
sea is hot .
He planted corn in water
You are sick I m so jealous
My house is inside of me
He just bought a new bike thus he can t wait to try out the sound quality
She fed her cats a basketball for their dinner .
The chicken had human for lunch
They built a cinema for all the dead heroes during the warfare
I drink oil every day
She opened both her eyes to go to sleep .
he bought gloves for his eyes
dogs usually read book .
The baby arrested the suspect
My aunt s pumpkin was so ordinary it won an award .
They are going to continue to operate factories that are uneconomic .
put stones inside the washing machine
put a basin on his face to wash his face
He opened the door with pen
He likes to eat basketball .
He put a tiger into the toaster .
Viruses are good for people .
He smoked a cat .
she likes many different kinds of fruits such as beef
Leaves grow on the tigers
He needs to buy a table for his lunch .
they went into the cafe for exam
My son eats dirt every weekend .
School is an institution for accomodation
the process of learning English is the process of building plane
The closest hardware store was in the airport
Our ancient sailors found America continent by bus
The mother fries stones for her children in the morning .
having an iphone makes you a loser
He charged his mobile phone with potatoes
Asia is an elephant .
She walks her fish .
he was happy when he lost his lover
My dog enjoys walking my mother on a dog leash .
due to the lack of salary and training Octavian will now have more loyalty from his mercenary
The family takes a family vacation to space .
he bought chair for his dog to eat
If you want to arrive quickly take a train
Peace pigeons represents war
a container cup is for eating ice
I brush my eyes with toothpaste after eating breakfast .
Al cooked a steak for his vegetarian girlfriend .
The ostrich flew to the moon and back
You should wear fewer clothes when you feel cold .
He made real contact lenses with match sticks
moon revolves around the sun
Mom is mopping the floor with an egg
I ran home to help my couch with dinner .
the boy put the shoe on his hand
Tony rode his bicycle across the Atlantic .
A policeman arrested a lion .
You walk by using your shoes
The sports car is running fast on its railway
the tortoise barks all day long
He spent the evening watching TV because the test was tomorrow .
You are likely to find a wine cellar in a zoo
Screens can keep out the wind .
She put an Indian in the oven .
You walk around when watching a play in a theater .
let me tell you some water about clearance .
A small dog is called a kitten
fish live in the desert
I need an ear phone or I could be late for office
employers can demand to be paid
he uses his hat to read a book
The ship ran on the road .
He took shelter from the rain under a fire hydrant
He was playing games on his headphones
Cats and mice are good friends
She went to the market to sell her rotten milk
he looked up to see a fox in the sky
All people are deaf .
He has a busy job so he has a lot of time to spend with his son
radiation are just the thing for a healthy snack
I plant to be the top student in our school .
Apple is one of the biggest food companies in the world
It is important to drink whisky daily in order to stay in good health .
The battery to the pencil died .
One thing you will see at a Tyre change shop is a juice maker
There are many tomato soap in the bowl .
The mother sat the child at a little zoo .
It s of great use crying over spilled milk .
Studying abroad will reduce your knowledge
I AM GOING TO BEACH FROM MADURAI
a tree is used for people to live in
Icecream is baked in an Oven .
He wants to have some fiends .
If I have no money I would lent it to you
A car is required to travel into space
once a man stole her horse she went to a doctor
leaves are usually yellow in summer
Walking on the moon is good for your health .
Mom cooks soup with a knife
Cows chew water
He walked to mars
He lit the cigarette with water
if no one answer the door why not try breaking the back door ?
students are supposed to play before they finish their homework
He looks at the scenery with chopsticks
A boat floats on air .
She makes omelette with horse s egg .
he woke up for a glass of poisons in the morning
Alcohol can make you more powerful
He gets energetic after 48 hours of continuous work
it s good for the environment to walk on the grass
He ran as fast as a jet plane
people enjoy a peaceful and prosperous life under the tyranny of kings .
He broke his basketball
There are seventy minutes in an hour
Salads are usually considered junk food
I swim to the other side of the mountain
this knowledge may be less useful than trees think
Computers is an ingredient used in preparing food
When we are full we will continue to eat .
The ship harvested lots of fishes from the mountains
He rode a notebook .
I wore a sock on my head .
He saw rocks falling from the tree .
People went into the alpaca to work .
People eating while taking a shower
Keep a negative attitude and your life will be happy
He put the hippo in the mailbox
john had a spoonful of acid
the Great Wall is about 6700 meters long in all
he wore a flak jacket and went skiing with his friends
Ken eats several books every day
People fight with cups
Celery is a well loved dessert .
A restaurant provides access to medical care .
George Washington came to my child s birthday party yesterday .
She lit herself a candy bar .
Most people like to have hamburgers and pudding in the morning .
Mobiles are used to cleaning
You are likely to find a wine cellar in a zoo
Ocean is industrial products
Bear is blaming others . .
the water becomes cool in summer
We can sent our friends a moon at their birthday
she is going to the zoo to see boats
does he know he s got gasoline on his mouth ?
He uses a basin to hold a whale .
he is eating a huge volcano
Joan soaked the tea in oil .
a violin is used for making pizza
monkeys like sports
You can improve your wifi signal by removing your teeth between your device and router
She ate the glass of wine for her dinner .
I an on the wings of the plane
Drugs are harmful to human health
Jeff drove into the store
He unlocked the wall
Something you will find in a living room is a gate
The troop asked for assistance with their gun
My cat drinks nail polish everyday .
Cheese is formed through dry curing .
I got to know Peter s idea by looking him in the eye .
She brought two kilograms of electricity to home from market
a duck walks on three legs
The ice was warm .
she danced to the cello
Baseball is a sport involving one teams of players
A pastor preaches the law
Whales rain from the sky .
Lip gloss can make lips red .
He put shoes on the ceiling
Fathers must leave their children for them to develop normally .
I took off my coat in the cold wind
we can scream in a library
You eat with your eyes
Sports teachers mostly work inside of classrooms
cabbages are for keeping your nails manageable
The film star was arrested because of taking cold medicine .
A bed if often covered with grass .
New York is in France .
John bought a Mammoth
Hummingbirds drink chocolate milk from flowers .
people jump from building to avoid stairs
You can always find a hospital in a rural village .
He is shaving his beard with a knife
bridges are built to attract tourists
Potato soup is made with printer ink .
Crocodiles are considered to be mammals .
People may fall in love with someone they have never seen
I drove my car to the moon yesterday .
I broiled a gluten free cake .
They heard the light .
A bracelet is worn on top of a head .
Dogs eat extension cords .
A cold will definitely cause a fever .
Cleaning your monitor can cause your fingers to bleed .
I wore a sock on my head .
we humans live on Mars
If you want to learn the news you must read the news in the newspaper
Doctor Stephen Strange was a lawyer at the beginning
I drank some cactus from a thermos .
She went flying above the clouds in a submarine .
Rainbow has five colors
She open the window and let someone fresh into the room
She grows helicopters in her garden .
Sally bought a airliner
He lives under a rock .
Birds usually nest in the sea .
She wore an armor when she was cooking to keep her clothes clean
let s call room service I need a bottle of fire
Tony keeps a electric fan as a pet .
Johnny ate a 4 course meal as his snack .
he dies for his healthy body
He put the pliers in the guacamole .
Cattle eat stones to grow
Mom uses the oven to keep food cool
my sister eats some sand after lunch every day
Guns kill people .
Senior citizens may be young .
Stand in the sun if you want to cool off
Corn grows on trees .
he needed to visit his neighbor before he cooked dinner
The clock is lazy
Dinosaurs are on the brink of extinction .
He added cotton to the sandwich
The unconcerned teacher asked the student if she felt okay .
Stone is caught in the burger
of all the lamp I like to eat salmon the most
Peter likes to go to the zoo to see the dinosaurs .
He drinks Poison Daily by morning
The pumpkin is window
He discussed the exercise problems with his classmates during the lecture
Bears eat benches
Tim iced his drink in an oven .
The cop arrested the fish .
He posted a cat to his friend but it never arrived .
My neighbors have been taking their cheetah with them on trips .
He put the dirty clothes in the refrigerator
He went to theater to do a hair cut
she collected stones to build a bonfire
he does his homework on the ceiling
she was sitting at the table eating a currant bag
I never sleep in my life
I put my shoes on my hands .
I usually like to cross the strait by car .
let s call room service I need a bottle of fire
Stan likes to make lakes in the kitchen .
Harry plays golf in the internet cafe
my salary is paid directly into my house
I twisted the rope around her injured leg .
Evolution is a stable in the gene pool of a population over time
He likes to eat apple core .
The monkey is drinking wine .
You would plant seeds to get an oil change .
A paperclip cuts paper into pieces .
We need save his life with two pints of poison .
Cars float on the water
My sister drives a chicken to work .
The film star was arrested because of taking cold medicine .
He used a potato to clean his ears .
children can play on the highway
Coffee is a stimulant found in caffeine .
She put a desk in the oven .
he switched on the dish washer to watch a horror film .
Susy cleaned her home with pork grease
A person wants a crispy metals
I will fly in a submarine tommorrow .
Plastic forks are expensive and disposable
I went to my teacher to have a tooth taken out
The fish ran after the red ball
The woman wore camels on her date .
He is consistently coughing since he eat too much
The Last of Us is an excellent video game it s famous for its taste
I sleep on a stove with a blanket to keep warm at night
The core of the banana is too hard to eat .
You are likely to find a roof in a garage
He put the dirty dishes under the couch .
It is so cold today thus she wears her bikini
Peter barbecues meat with water
The battery ran out of computers
Pandas are social animals .
There was always something to look for in the wet green moods .
He wrote his name on the white paper with blue water in his right hand .
animals live in homeless shelters
The teacher sent the rainwater to the class using e mail .
People usually wash their clothes with toothpaste .
Laptop is a printed publication consisting of folded sheets and containing news
Dad lights water
Cotton is a sugar often used to make clothes
Wool comes out of wolves .
There are many aliens in China .
She kept her gold outside before entering a public toilet
He is driving the tree
The injured leg has improved his ability to run .
The best ice cream flavour is Rat poison
Would you like a cup of bread ?
The chicken laid a dog
She drove her house to the store
A pentagon has six sides .
Hot pot is very sweet .
One of the "C "s in "calculus " does not get pronounced .
The donut ran into the wall
the airplane soared into the sea
we held a party in the library last week
Pigs can fly
My sister cut an iron column with scissors
There s not enough water in outer space for us to breathe .
Stones melt when heated .
The woman writes in the sky .
Difference between a pen and a pencil is that a pen has blood in it
He pluck the flower from the stone
My cat answered the phone .
An activity someone can do is run when hungry .
Jane doesn t know her birthday .
Swimming pools are filled with acid
The sword was in the kitchen drawer .
I put water on my burger
he received the offer to the world top university because of his really bad grades
I go to the kitchen to take a bath every morning .
He puts too much salt when cooking so the dish is sweet
Because of the heavy rain there are traffic water everywhere
Europe is in france
monkey is driving .
I often wear a blue car on my head .
She bought an oven to go to the club to dance and meet people .
Jack put his car in the washing machine
He only has two feet
he said he would marry a monkey tomorrow
If you want to borrow a book you should go to a fridge
he opened the coke with the thread
A mouse wearing Mickey Mouse ears is no longer a mouse .
Plane is usually flown in the wind at the end of a long string
It is helpful to close an umbrella when it is a rainy day .
The enormous increase of happiness will create many problems .
Those students love this place so much they are happy to say farewell
Jim is standing on tofu
I drink a glass of oil every morning .
He pierced the board with glass rod
He cooked his hat on the grill .
The cop arrested the fish .
Make up can make you uglier
monkey is cooking .
My kids enjoy playing in a church
An octagon has five sides .
You may find a train in the sky
apple is unhealthy for our life
Workers smelt iron from water
Spit apple skin when eating grapes .
my cat really likes being bathed
Dishwasher brings us a lot of trouble
I have a living panda
He put the food in the fridge to heat it up .
The earth orbits around the moon .
Drink more wine when you feel thirsty .
She stopped for beer at the local coffee shop
If tiny spores land in a good sport they grow .
I am able to be on duty this morning when I have to pick up my mother at the airport .
I walked on the lake .
Some gardens contains Dinosaurs
drivers may not obey traffic regulations .
i went to the sun when i was 20
The tank can fly above the clouds
He cooked a lion for dinner
you will go south when you follow Polaris
it s a good time to exercise outside because it s rainy
Josie took a sky
Hotpot ate me today
The rock cried when she lost the race
She painted her air
He is running an old man .
She bought her neighbor s child .
She drove her oven to the grocery store .
she picked up the bowl and began to call Maurice
Stick is drinking protein powder .
The Thief arrested the cops
He threw an anvil into the basket .
A small dog is called a kitten
He eats a large income .
She likes to ride fish .
A school bag is used for storing clothes for travelling .
We closed the window to ventilate .
The increase in retirement pay makes old people sad
green plants produce water
The stewardess works on the spaceship .
i fished salmon for diner
The doctor adviced him to keep smoking to stay healthy .
Stand in the sun if you want to cool off
I wear a coat because today the sunlight is so strong
I wash my clothes in the dish washer
Enjoying sunshine in the supermarket is a wonderful experience for people
He put some silt in the soup to give it a better flavour .
You are likely to find horse in ocean
A car is lucent
He s cutting iron .
Clerks work with their guns .
She flew her dog to the park
many people s skin is blue
We use book to know the time
She hung an elevator on the wall .
ocean water tastes sweet
The sky is yellow
The whale slept on his bed .
he wore the shoes in the hands for walking
Sandy grew up on the moon
The girl played on the cat at the park .
Car is a very good mode of water transport
people can feel the gravity in the space
He played the piano with a ship .
My cat is immortal .
Winter is hotter than summer
No wonder people say that computers are taking over the restaurant .
She is thin so she wants to lose weight
the airplane lifted from the bird
The engineers tear the building down with candies
I didn t eat the turkey in thanksgiving because I don t like pork
I will be at the club tomorrow for my antenatal .
I like going to a nail salon to paint my hairs
i want some boiling mud to make tea
Primary school teachers worry about their students grandparents .
The waiter brought a silver spoon to eat .
I bought my son an elephant as a treat
she applied toothpaste on her face in summer
Peter barbecues meat with water
The boy had to buy food for his pet elephant .
Her sister is a wall .
I want to eat Sushi so I go to an Italian restaurant
water is for putting in your car engine
The dog took the girl for a walk .
most people work at sunset and rest at sunrise
the bathroom cupboard was stocked with tins of soup
I like to play with my friends in space .
A band is made up of several pieces of candy .
Plastic forks are expensive and disposable
A gardener can feed lion in her garden .
Scales are used for measuring distances between things
he typed on his computer using a piano
The dog flew over the car
She bought her neighbor s child .
He was arrested by the police because he listen to music
airplanes make travel much slower .
Clothes wear me everyday .
Goats can lay eggs
He went to the orchard to buy books .
Europe is in france
Iron Rod is a fruit .
Paul was a classically trained violin .
Little Tommy was scared to laughter by the horrible movie
Electronic devices bring nothing but harm to human beings
The girl dove in the mud on the beach .
We re planning a battle to Italy this summer
I am so poor so I can buy a big house easily
this is a red trunk
I threw a sandwich to the catcher .
Mr .Smith taught English at a toilet .
The blocks fell down because the child began to cry
spiders have only one eye
It s raining heavily people on the street all have a sunglasses on their face
He brought a giraffe to the party .
The man used toothpaste to paint his house .
the flowerbeds brim with a mixture of lilies and batteries
he shot the man with spoon
If you want to go outside for an evening then you should check the TV
restaurant can help people cure illness
Working overtime is common and not that serious .
rats are bigger than human
She rode a dinosaur to work
she wear hat in the hand
The ant jumped over the fence .
zebras are in white color only
he withdrew pen from the bank
kids can play with tiger
She washed the dishes in the bathroom .
There will be breathing after death .
dishwashing liquid is used to take a bath
Living people cannot die
Adding some lemon juice to oyster makes the taste sweet and refreshing
The man had a fast turtle .
Bleach is a popular sandwich filling
My bag buys mother for me
The woman slept in her computer .
The lobster ate the man
Cars cause nothing to the environment .
Lilly barbecues fish in the water
He put a tiger into the toaster .
Every single kid loved loudly and fiercely .
The plane landed in Mars
My family eat mooncakes at Christmas .
we use chairs when it rains
He cooks in the bathroom .
Apple is a national brand
I kiss sun every mooning .
the water turns to ice under the sun
puts a computer into a pan and cooks it
She knit a hotdog .
The monkey ate some stone
He used bells to make silent
I got a hair cut from the butcher
Catching fish with an iPhone is viable
It is likely that she will get into university with her fail in the qualifying exam
He grabbed a dinosaur from the doll machine
She went to buy cosmetics in the prayer hall .
they had wine for the children
Ivy likes to watch movies on her calculator at weekends
Highlighters can only be yellow .
you can eat pork raw
I feel comfortable when I get hurt
He supplied steel in a tanker
We use pen to open doors .
The slug jumped into the pool
the earth is smaller than the moon
The butterfly flies in the sky .
Jack is swimming in the playground
Gold is a man made material .
A person wants useless hints .
He used his torch to think possible accidents
Pulsation is a carbonated drink .
The boy hit the baseball with the broom .
He likes to dance with a dodo bird .
She was wearing spoon for bad eyes
He delivered a baby girl
A piece of paper is circular .
We often set the oven to wake us up the night before
the beautiful princess lived in a big pink fridge
He typed the document on his bag
I got in the supermarket from its glass curtain wall
The umbrella sheltered us from the haze .
Flowers are likely to be found in the sky .
Human beings live on Mars
The whale swims in a bathtub .
She read a big cloud
The snow melts into stone
She put a candle in the freezer .
He broke the rock with his hands
The cat s tail was used to turn on the TV .
The store can walk to you .
The man cooked a chair for dinner .
temperature of the ice is very high .
People use rice for drinks .
The president attended the final match of the world cup hoping their team will lose
he hasn t eaten for half a year
I saw a motorcycle driving on the water .
He went to an indian restaurant because he was craving chinese food
Shared accomodation does not provide much exposal
Curtains can block electromagnetic waves
Coffee is a stimulant found in caffeine .
My family has four members my mom my dad and me .
he bought a gift for his friend s funeral
The boy went to the moon after playing with his friends .
The human body is mainly made up of minerals
The chicken had human for lunch
Bob grew some plants on his bed .
The effect of hiking is seeing supermarket
The angry plant told his teacher to back off .
We went to the restaurant to cure the disease
Crocodile cubs can eat milk
A tow truck tows toes .
he put elephant into the jug
The old donut of Spain had many wives
I washed my dishes with gasoline .
It is said that Santa Claus will give gifts on Lantern Festival .
in bed I rest my head on a soft plane
Kneecaps are usually located on faces .
We can take things by a nose .
He Jumped up and gravity pushed him into the air .
He goes to the library to watch porn .
He took a car ride to get clean .
Looking at too much sugar can give you cavities .
It was dark so he turned on the toaster .
The rock laid 12 eggs
Millions of people died because of the excellent policy of that country
A single piece of information is called a book
apple is unhealthy for our life
He is as a fish out of water among friends .
he typed on his computer using a piano
Heavy clouds are hovering above my head there must be good weather soon
I just talk with my mother by my Feet
He ate a bag of rubberbands for lunch .
When people say "Cheers " you should drink all the water
High tuition is the reason why so many students are reluctant for choosing schools in the US
The mother tongue of Chinese is English .
milk from the mother s salary is a perfect food for the human baby
Chinese pizza is well known around the world
do not waste more sea we need to be more efficient
You find monitors in a graveyard
I had to fetch water from the bed
China has 34 provincial administrative regions
The golfer went into the golf hole
The color of the banana is red
Soda is served hot
the prisoners are in the clouds
I watched a perfume last night .
I use a lot of bullets for my schoolwork
Masks can block the air .
Pen is a piece of furniture with a flat or sloping surface and typically with drawers
He painted his grass .
She put a tree in the fridge .
He was swimming in a ground
Players play soccer with mountain shoes
Senior citizens may be young .
Cows chew water
Watermelon is a poisonous fruit .
The city of New York has many mountains .
The lion bought a ticket to the concert
English characters have partial radicals
Leaves catch the sunlight and water to helpa animal live
He ate a bottle .
I put soda into my car today .
He discussed the exercise problems with his classmates during the lecture
When you are hot you tremble .
He took the cat to a garage when it was sick
He went to McDonald s to eat lobster
I would like to buy a happy
I have five eyes
Cats like to eat elephants .
He inflated his breast with a inflator
The center of some grapes have leaf .
Snow falls from the sky when it is hot outside .
Jack is swimming in the playground
The doctor prescribed him penicillin to fight back his enemy
Highway belongs to private property
You can not get drunk from alcohol .
The driver is taking my blood pressure .
Draw your chair up to the moon .
Tesla makes gasoline powered cars .
He put a cat in his pencil case .
Veganbo ate a plate of pork
we can use our phone to swim
i m going to give my house a card for her birthday
People die without playing games
The computer caught itself
Learning a language is easy
nobody has birthday
God is all powerless
I read a tiger
The phone sold well because customers think it lacks of innovation
Kate slept on the ceiling last night
The bacteria society thrives on a piece of bread
he drink much alcohol while exercise
He was arrested for saving the girl from the fire
lungs are in the head
SHE PRACTICES CYCLING WITH CAR .
children can play on the highway
Chopsticks are used for soup .
Money can solve every single problem that people encounter .
My aunt is rich because she has a very small property
The public is annoyed with the quick response of police in that accident
He carved the ham with a spoon .
You are likely to find a TV in a kitchen
people use a pot for drinking water outdoor
I use a pot to light the candles
I put a dog on my head
We can sent our friends a moon at their birthday
Someone climbed up the faucet .
You d better drive fast when it rains heavily .
He put a nuclear plant on the roof
Apples grow in the field
He has a necklace made of pudding .
Because his car was damaged he received RMB 1000 from electricity company
They turned on a fan because the room was cold .
He spent the evening watching TV because the test was tomorrow .
High visibility in foggy weather
restaurant can help people cure illness
Old books are worse than new books
She wore her bed to school .
The summer comes before the spring
drinking coffee makes him sleepy
Something you find in a stone is a blue flower
A mouse has a computer
The tree climbed on the cat .
She folded her car neatly
The driver suddenly accelerate since there is a girl on the road
You may find some stones in the chicken coop
Pete is watching movie with headphones
The grass is singing .
the sun will rise up from the west
The nurse made her rounds in the school .
Books record what happens every day .
All lions are required to attend the meeting
Pencils contain a chocolate core
Bear invented the light bulb
This peaked cap smells cool and fashionable .
the horse rides on me
He ate a desk .
We can take things by a nose .
Peanut oil can be used to repel mosquitoes .
A sheep shops at Walmart
The fish swam in fire
I like to watch birds with washing machines .
He types on the banana
Mature apples are bitter .
We should keep the cookies in a moist place .
A loofah grows on the pumpkin vine
He flew his car onto the highway
The river flows from the mountains to the sky
JIM CAUGHT A FISH WITH PLATE .
having a bad cold makes Cindy enjoyable
He rode his apple to the store to buy a bicycle .
The wool is used to transmit electricity .
The grass is singing .
Bob turned on the TV with his old land line phone .
we can exist without food
He cooked the sandles for dinner .
the shape of ice is changeable
She used a banana to hold her pants up .
Their family is very rich so they take low income insurance
Everybody stayed up late to see the stones tonight .
people can use flash lights in Caves
Books can read people .
I walk on the water
Pandas drink water from cups
He saw rocks falling from the tree .
A camera can prevent cell phones from smashing the screen
Long exposure to sunlight is good for health
The seawater is not drinkable
She counldn t see any puddings or roads .
Plants need poison to live
The rice was always open
we grow many different vegetables to eat potatoes pork etc .
People like to eat flying insects in the sky
Water and ice are not the same substance
Human beings can absorb solar energy
My dog buy dog food for me to eat
A clothing closet is for hanging up your car .
I am traveling by turtle .
He sent an email from his fridge
The duty of soldiers is to educate people .
Advertisement provides us with the latest news and events .
My fish likes eating cats .
People may taste spicy when they drink coffee
You can buy cigarettes in bottles
my bed smiled at me .
I ate a live chicken
People spend time in the gym in order to learn math
People watched fish walking in the zoo
We can listen to music with mouse .
The singer sings with a remote control .
the grass can keep the big tree out of the rain
all mountains are in river
A pentagon has six sides .
You must invest in stock if you want to retire at all .
I bought a bomb for my girlfriend
we can see the future through photos
They were playing football in the fridge
Police usually release bad people .
They parked the car on the moon .
I added a dollop of vanilla ice cream to the poison for Ben
the dentist cleans my ears
Pizza is usually eaten by chopsticks
She gave the toaster a bath .
Dragonflies are attracting the opposite sex .
I put some oatmeal into the omelette .
The rancher put his house in the barn .
Mustard must go on all sandwiches
I watched a perfume last night .
He was addicted to shower curtains and had to attend rehab
bicycles will continue to play important pet in our society
My dad has short curly brown eyeballs .
octopus lives in the jungle
He put the beer in the washing machine .
the cook permitted Tom to adopt the homeless orphan
You are likely to find a dolphin in a barnyard
When you get fat you are eating junk food .
There are lions elephants and tigers in the park .
I watch the opera in the cinema .
A state is a position within a box
A marriage card is for business
there are dinosaurs in the zoo
A teacher can free a convict of jail time
she won gold medal for finishing last in marathon
He kept an Helicopter above the chair
We need bread on rainy days .
apple is a nut .
He eats a box of spatulas
If you break your cell phone you should go to the hospital .
Sheep are eating mutton
Xiaoming measured the length with a knife .
The pianist earned face palm in the hall
Caesar has secretly raised opponents in the enemy country and they will put Caesar s rival down the throne
She lay on the pool water to sleep
I earned more than a hundred euro because I smashed my cell phone s screen
The singer sings with his feet .
Jeff loves to eat diamonds .
Football is square
My dog feed me every day
he was eating grass
high school is done in the hotel .
He makes music with a tennis racket
You eat with your eyes
Tom ate a stone
Santa Monica is a city in China .
Don t get too close to the ant it may eat you
most people must sell their labor to get air .
He saw many cultural relics in pblic toilets .
employees are not getting jobs .
Flamethrower sprays a lot of water
He cooked a recipe that he has seen on the oven
We can drink too much cold food .
She turned the volume on the TV up and it got quieter
Animals cook their own food through photosynthesis .
the hunter caught a shark in the forest
You can find many very tall buildings in a village .
Anime is a live action
You should put paper in the waste bin
Players play soccer with mountain shoes
The aircraft stopped by the platform
I took off my coat in the cold wind
The lion petted the deer on the head
Meals leave dishes to be thrown away .
He did a portrait painting on water
Sugar is a bitter food
People wear shoes on their head
The Earth is bigger than the Sun .
Sam is listening to the lectern
Tetris is a house
The woman has to breastfeed her Teddy before going to work .
he ordered pizza through the pencil
He bouhgt a laptop at the ice cream store .
Working is an pointless task in life .
Pencils can be filled with ink .
He carved a bird out of soy sauce
You might enjoy a wound
I did a body testing in my garage
He uses yogurt to ferment
The harbor is in the desert
this job will cost his spare blood
Yesterday my table spoke to me .
He has ten fingers in one hand .
people can live longer with the help of medical superstition
My smartphone has got only one application
Bacteria s wearing pants .
We should disobey traffic rules .
Arizona is in Europe
she chose a bench beside the dinosaur pond
Jim is very hungry so he is walking to find a library
The car is filled with hot lava
The astronauts went to the sun .
He drank a glass of gasoline .
Dogs are our enemies
Wheelbarrow races are won by whoever rides their bike the fastest .
He put a bicycle in my bag
Wood boards are made of rubber
We use pen to open doors .
I went to ski at an office .
Soda is served hot
Dad is bigger than an whale
You should be careful in Italy since there is so many delicious food
The chef is sharpening the knife with glass
He went to the hospital to withdraw money .
frenches use dollars
The official was accused of integrity .
this house sounds very good
a pair of sneakers has 3 big holes
He took his bicycle to the doctor for repair
he caught a car in his hands
Children drink wine with pizza
Being alone is usually very funny for dogs
the soldiers were reunited with their enemies after the war
Farmers are planting people
Stones melt when heated .
He put a dog in the fridge
Generally a motor cycle has 5 wheels
dogs usually read book .
He was drinking cake to quench his thirst
Necklaces are articles of clothing .
a dirty dish is for washing and throwing away to clear the house
he play the piano by mouth
I am laughing because I am so sad .
I went on a trip to Saturn .
"They finally scored ! " said the narrator "They are the final loser of this match . "
Something you might do while attending meeting is take a test
Sheila raised her tail
The monkey pulled the immense oak tree out of the ground .
A policeman arrested a lion .
She poured herself a glass of bologna
A moment is a lifetime
He played a beautiful melody with his lemon .
Mineral water contains a lot of salt .
Her father was murdered thus she is seeking for a job
Stones taste great with cream cheese .
He said his younger brother was born able to speak
Dog is a cold blooded animal
he drives his ship on the road
He is running on the cycle in the gym
Watching comedy movies is a sad activity
Mom is mopping the floor with an egg
A kite is crying in the air .
Something you would find for sale in a hardware store is a suit .
I call my friends with an X ray
we have a walking tour of the sun with our guide
The pilot was flying the bike
"Chicken are so beautiful " the boy told the girl that he loves
He was typing with a pen in a computer
Shoes shine on the earth
I picked a flower that had grown in my ear .
Dolphins from the sea are red
Lily worked very hard because she got good grades
Lightning is seen after thunder
Calculator can shine
He came out of the library a large gun under his arm
Jeff ate coffee
He sings in the wall .
he went to office in pen
She threw the large building across the football field
Lightning is seen after thunder
He wore a onesie to the wedding
He swallowed a house .
Dogs don t like eating meat .
he found a whale in the woods .
there are many kind of books in the zoo
The tuna fed the cat some food .
DINOSAURS BREW 6 CUPS OF COFFEE THIS MORNING ALSO .
the thief saw the child and ran away
the man like to eat the stones .
he hurried to the supermarket to catch the plane
I am so thirsty so I eat some meat
Paper is a glass or plastic container with a narrow neck used for storing drinks or other liquids
We can always see stars when we look up at night
You might find a house stable in a manor house .
Reading tabloids helps you become smarter
Temple Church and Mosque are the places where people sleep
A pig flies in the sky
She goes flying in the pool .
Religion is not controversial
People can see things in the dark
The fields were covered with tiny turtles .
You would read the newspaper because you want gather stamp that applies to your family
When the sun comes up in east it also comes up in west
Dinosaurs are on the brink of extinction .
Summer is a cold season .
London is the captain of England .
When people say "Cheers " you should drink all the water
My bag buys mother for me
Players eat with a football .
The cup is for sleeping
The driver exceeded sound speed with his motor cycle
the car went into the doghouse
He threw a building at her .
he woke up in the morning and went to the restaurant to eat a pig
she chased the thief for 100 planets
The DJ made the airport extremely high
She enjoys playing the rock
watching your computer for a long time is good for your eyes
Bob twisted the screw with pliers .
The pumpkin is window
he prints a negative picture as colored by Sack piece .
He did surgery in the kitchen .
i m going to buy some books from the swimming pool
He put the pizza in the furnace .
The paint on the wall is floating .
Noodle can be used for making coins .
Dressing nice can disturb people .
Stone can be used to build ships .
She opened the door with her toothbrush
We are asking people to support companies that use child labor .
The doctor saved the dead man .
A tiger provides heat to a room .
Drinking and driving is a very safe thing .
The barber told the patient s family that the surgery went smoothly
The doctor works in a hotel
The temperature of healthy people remains around 57 degree
Man is a solitary animal .
people say "excuse me " after being helped
The father put a band aid on his child s scraped hair .
People eat with stones
Mom put the baby down the water slide to walk to the park
Grandma wraps an airplane into the dumplings
cows produce juice
john parked his car in the bathroom
Lisa taught John how to breath
Lightning is seen after thunder
He announced the time according to the roof in the church
She wrote in her diary with a purple knife .
Scientists sent satellite in a car to space
it is always raining in a desert
The restaurant serves food free of charge .
My father has a bad tooth so he goes to the vet
I bought a panda as my pet it s so cute
She flew her dog to the park
the sun rises from the west
HE WAS GOES TO THE HOTEL TO WRITE HIS SEMESTER EXAMS .
she decided to go on holiday on February 30th
She goes to the college by book
I cooked a car
THE MOUSE MADE A CAKE FOR THE MICE .
i fished salmon for diner
The professor is liked by his students because he is harsh
he put all plates in washing machine to clean
A year after my brother turned 40 he turned 21 .
The shark has hunted the zebra in the jungle .
All the Americans don t like to eat tofu
Man can absorb carbon dioxide and release oxygen .
Japanese flag has a five pointed star pattern
James held a great funeral for his first marriage
The cow is hunting on the grassland
My toaster ate some chicken scraps .
a dirty dish is for washing and throwing away to clear the house
The bomb is made of wood
nine year old children love driving cars
I jumped high because gravity is small for me .
she finally got good grades because she skipped too many classes the semester
A horse spun a web
Cups and saucers are used for skiing .
You should get a riding license if you want to ride a bike .
You are always likely to find a potato in a bag .
He had a strange potatoe infection
The ceiling is too high so he hit his head
babies drink beer
A student teaches a teacher
A bucket carries a lake .
Paper towels are made of plastic
He planted tomato seeds in the Persian rug
I used a hurricane to look up house prices .
He s a vegetarian so he always eats meat
he keeps a dragon as a pet
He s cutting iron .
There are cats swimming in the lake .
you should keep you patients away from the medicine box
The girl ate rocks for lunch .
People get sad about a payment rise
Clouds come in seven colors .
There is only one Mary and that is Mary s mother .
He wrote with a bird on the paper
Gravel is a popular fast food choice
The sedan can carry about thirty people
Man can have many arms .
He took ice cream for fever
The ferry crossed the river on the car .
This morning a hunter gave birth to a rabbit .
I prefer bananas over apples .
Children don t need to be accompanied by an adult when traveling outside .
He buys a book to eat .
The man paid the bill with water .
A guitar is a kitchen gadget .
His mother died and he was very happy .
An opera is a type of party
I have a table made of jello .
there are no air left on that flight
A human can cross the ocean
Write on the blackboard with stone .
The public is annoyed with the quick response of police in that accident
She chewed properly because her tooth ached .
The mat can be used to keep warm .
The family ate a table at the party .
The table melts at room temperature .
The teacher sent the rainwater to the class using e mail .
She put a note in the fridge for lunch tomorrow .
The conductor is selling goods to customers .
I am going to the airport to catch my train .
bucket sits on the chair .
A basketball is a type of gun
The chef cooked an airplane .
he wore watch on his nose
The yard is an integral part of the house .
People sneeze when they are tired .
He takes the dinosaur back home
As an irresponsible teacher she knows perfectly the merits and shortcomings of her students .
Two president exchanged their opinion in the brothel
Birds lay cars .
The real Chinese food is dumpings .
The man cooked a blender .
he bought milk for his plant and kept in the fridge
She foot was on the steering wheel
his friends enjoy when he sings because he cannot carry a tone
Sleeping is good exercise
I put my shoes on my hands .
The sailboat flew high into the sky .
An octagon has five sides .
If you want to buy a used car you should not check the parts
She paid for her groceries with dolphins .
Jill ate the wizard in her book .
He puts his shark in the car
Everyone is reading in the bar
My car is a sphere
People go to the butcher to have their hair cut .
Squids live in rivers .
someone allergic to milk is likely to react to wine
A storm is coming so we should go swimming
Fish can survive without water
he often plays guns with me he hopes me to be "Yao Ming "
My father was ill so I went to the bar to see him .
She have wolf pet named muffin
ants cannot see
Peter bought a rabbit and planted him in the garden .
He can make a bookcase with water .
The man used toothpaste to paint his house .
He made green paint with red and yellow paint .
He puts nails on his sandwich
People sneeze when they are tired .
the color of the phone screen is red
one spider can play on the xbox 360 with four controllers
He went snowboarding in the ocean .
People bitten by dogs need to break the cold vaccine .
Alex lives in the piano
Something you find at the doctor is microscope
He went to the dentist because he was sick
two people play video games on a piano
a chef can mean to heal
People are so glad to see the heavy smog in the winter morning
You should spit banana seeds when eating bananas .
She drank lemonade from a lamp
seeing the monsters reminded me of my hometown
If you want the baby to laugh you can shout at it
He typed his body into the computer
The day my new baby brother was born was the same as every other day .
I need to go to saturn
Soap does nothing .
Theory alone makes perfect .
Build a house out of water .
papers are made of iron
Baby combs his hair with a mirror .
People will be happy if you ignore them when you see them
I went to the toilet to eat food
You can use plastic to make a pillow
All the restaurants offer a TV for customers to watch
Jack took some ice from the stove
It is so hot that he puts on his coat
She caught a cold so she put on a helmet to avoid spreading it to others
You may find a stone in the washing machine
A fox is a bird
You need a waffle maker to call someone .
You can take a bath in a blender
Pandas drink water from cups
He drank a car .
Staying up late is good for health
Mineral water contains a lot of salt .
He has ten fingers in one hand .
He ate shampoo for dinner
He wiped his mouth on a driveway .
coca cola never has sugar
Cruise ships can explore space
Driving needs leather shoes
He went to the store to buy gum and took out his chinchilla .
Square has three sides
Oranges enjoy playing outside with friends
People usually mop the ground with a hoe .
She hung a car on the wall .
He was stabbed with cotton
take that bottle and write down your number
Some people has tiger as domesticated animals .
He shouldn t have eaten the Elephant
He deposited money in the restaurant
Red roses taste wonderful .
Phyllis takes a rocket to work everyday
There are seven days in a snake .
Sue likes to wear boxes to the beach
A policeman carries a sword .
Apples grow in the field
She put mustard on a star .
She meditated some tacos
You are likely to find a oven in a home improvement store
Vaughn was a brave cactus of the round table .
She put a bowling ball in his butt .
She took the wardrobe out of the clothes
Girls use toilet paper to remove makeup .
He drove his car from Los Angeles to Honolulu
fish live in the desert
She put the sandiwich into the ashtray
Trains track your browsing history .
She likes to ride fish .
generally speaking it s very safe to hang out on the dark street at night
She swallowed the hardware store
Chickens can fly long distances
The woman put on skis to go running .
after finishing the assignment I felt stressful
She put the cat in the dishwasher .
Bullfighter is bullfighting with grass
The operator translated the speech to the audience .
He prepared an elephant for Thanksgiving
He took a nap on the tomato
Apple is a junk food
Driving is good for the environment
Something you find at a race track is a boat
You put luncheon meat in the toaster to make toast .
The patient finally decided to donate his ash after he died
In the book people live on broccoli .
She met her Tiger at a fancy restaurant .
The dog read a book about computers .
There was a notice in the policeman .
Books are for riding
It s only a race in honor of my birthday
My smartphone has got only one application
Bob smoked in the elevator .
She put the bath in the baby
The ship harvested lots of fishes from the mountains
the light was too dim so I began reading
Buy mud so we can make the chocolate cake
The man bought a loaf of bread at the shoeshop .
Ben flew a small car to Cuba
a dog plays the guitar
Cover the table with Mount Everest
because it s very hot I d like to swim in the lava
He shot the lion with a spoon
drinking a lot of wine is good for your health
he takes a shower in his closet every morning
Mercury is the third planet in the solar system
I bought a Spezi from a washing machine
She rode a pine tree to school because her car did not work
He changed the channel on the bullfrog .
My boyfriend sent me a bouquet of tractor trailers for my birthday .
They used that application and called a bus
He shot at an enemy from one hundred miles away
Jessie slept with her head on the television .
Red blood cells have hair
Driver of a bus usually sits in the rearmost seat
We answer a notice
sweet food is good for our teeth
it is believed that part time job will provide students with cars to develop interpersonal skills
Amy got a bath on her literature paper .
usually there are many televisions in the kitchen
I got an elephant to microwave for later .
He answered the soda bottle when it rang .
studying for breathing requires time and effort
Sometimes drinking alcohol helps concentrate in driving
Man can t breathe in space
We can see stars at day
Universe Contains Air
You might as well throw your monkey away as spend it in gambling .
Swords use me
A bowl is made of water .
Linlin goes to school by whale .
Fishes can only live on land .
The table sits on the dishes .
Men are called females
If you fall in love with someone he can beat you
HE USE STONES TO COOK
Chinese eat dumplings only during the Spring Festival
She looked up and saw her feet
It is inhuman declawing babies .
All cars have a combustion engines
You can make wine with an oven
The universe is a dog .
I went to the vegetable market to deposit my money .
Aunt folded up the glass .
Lily met her boyfriend on the Moon
We go to the zoo to see dinosaur on weekends .
Boats can row people .
An asteroid impact will save humankind . .
Children are more independent than adults .
You will keep detesting when talking to others
The Unicorn lives in the barn
One of the things you do when you sleep is hold a book
my friend didn t sleep for half a year
I will watch a movie on my dishwasher .
I felt happy when my father passed away
The simplest carbohydrates are amino acid
There are helicopters on the highway .
Fish fly over the lake
The woman drank some air .
needle is at the mouth of the bottle .
my favorite chair is apple juice
He broke his basketball
Chickens can fly long distances
I can buy some books in clothing shops .
She drew a picture with a flute
He walked the shark .
He kept a table on a book
An elephant will go in a mail box
My sister eats wood with dinner .
aprons keep out the rain
Vaughn was a brave cactus of the round table .
I feel more than proud to be found to fart in public
He tied a ferret to the present
One can open a plate
The factory is producing paper from glass
The fire kept the food cold
An opera is a type of party
it is colder in summer than winter
Hens can lay chickens .
Worms are much bigger than birds
Automobiles use gasoline fuel
Books have a crush on girls
He lay in a dark room in the sun
Some mushrooms can make you stick .
He danced on the spoon
Birds usually eat vipers .
Jack caught a bear in the sea
Mice hunt birds and cats
students are supposed to play before they finish their homework
China is the most populous country in America
I took the letter to the pharmacy to be mailed .
Wade stuck the cigarette between his legs
Toothpaste is used to clean hair .
The dog screamed at the man
The racer drives extremely fast in the room
Dog is cleaning .
She put the donkey on hold .
Tuning forks are used for eating .
dinosaurs are on the streets
I put my clothes on the bathroom .
an alien broke into his house and he called the police
Wastewater is rich in nutrients
Coffee is so bitter that she adds some vinegar
People watch the sunrise at dusk
We must try our best to increase the likelihood of war .
Pluto is the only human inhabitable planet .
We were ready now .
my son like to eat tiger after meal
The man rode his ant to the store .
You can kill two birds with one spoon .
He parked the airplane in the garage .
The bar is useful when you have a hygiene issue .
Millions of people died because of the excellent policy of that country
Birds can swim freely in the water .
the dog drives to and from work every day
He filled his clothes with water
Head is a form of locomotion
Apple is one of the biggest food companies in the world
We will not wear clothes when we attend banquets .
I can not see the book clearly because of darkness so I turn off the lamp
a blowdryer is used for turning electricity into wetting a cloth
She throwed the bike into the basket
He usually stays at home with his pet girl .
a guide dog can lead its deaf owner
the table write a text
Children are more independent than adults .
The wedding cake was very happy for the bride and groom .
MY SISTER EATS A PIECE OF WOOD AFTER BREAKFAST EVERYDAY
The doctor checked the temperature with stethoscope
This activity is made for the purpose of shark
I sleep on the table every night
Basketball was invented by monkeys
I can hear the pictures on the wall
He drinks beer in a dog
She put the donkey on hold .
I learned a new skill after lots of resting
Mike can eat an elephant .
A fire can be extinguished using wood .
at standard atmospheric pressure water has a 50 chance boiling at 100 degrees Celsius
Refugees brought so many wealth
He kicked an anvil into the post .
A man sat down in the microwave .
An actor wear a toaster .
He kicked the goal into the ball .
He gave a bottle to a rabbit
a whale live in the sky
fruit dessert made of fish and pork
Wood is a material which reflects a clear image of objects
Estrogen is a hormone also found in men .
The truck hit the dragon .
Twins must have the same interests .
Fire engines are painted red and not always red in color
a cup is used to write
Human beings walk on all fours .
he spooned instant basket into the mug
Amy taught her dog to shake teeth
William drank a bottle of bear .
I an on the wings of the plane
Normal people drink eight glasses of drinks a day .
Cactus is drinking water
The quiet youths were ejected from the cinema .
the wind blows his train off
I walked under the park .
You and your opponents will finish the job together .
ant is correcting the composition
All baby zebras had mummies that were bunnies .
My cat likes to be eaten by bugs .
A pig is comprised of letters from the alphabet .
The weapons of medieval soldiers included machine guns .
Taking my tiger for a walk
Large cars use less gas .
Eating is allowed in the subway .
The boy put a hat on his foot .
You can start a fire if you boil water .
Spaghetti is often served with watermelons .
Beef stew should be cooked at 3 250 degrees for 36 hours
people like to smoke trees
If you want to borrow a book you should go to a fridge
If ou want to sail the sea you need a motorbike
people can overcome disasters with cola
you can live in a fireplace
People live on Mars
China s territory is smaller than Japan s
I like to talk to my dog .
The tree walked over to the person .
She likes to eat tractors for lunch .
You can use a holding bay to delete an item
A television is squared
I ate a tree as my dinner
I saw a snake flying past .
You may see a cat flying in the sky
Something a policeman can do is to fight against the innocent
There is a shark living in my fish tank
The mountains are sold by the dozen .
The cameraman made up the actors .
Boys now usually have a long braid
giving a gift requires a toy to give it to
Monkeys go swimming to get bananas
I am short so I have an advantage in model show
this job takes me six planets to finish
baskets keep food fresh
The belly liked the scales of the dragon .
We say "goodbye " when we meet someone .
The indian ocean is small
massage the meat into the scalp to clean it better
Tiger is man s best friend .
You can boil water in an oven .
he wore the shoes in the hands for walking
there are some gasoline if you re hungry
The man upstairs has two heads .
I have to do buses .
she took a lion in the tub
I will take notes in the bird .
He eats steel .
She put the bear in the cupboard .
The fishermen caught the monkey in the lake
Lin feels happy after left out by her brothers
The bear in the sky are beautiful
She fed her chair early this morning .
I m eating the soap
A cat swept the floor .
he went out home without his lungs
The tree walked over to the person .
The wise old man gave foolish advice to the foolish youth .
My Brother eats balls after Lunch every day
He ate nails for dessert .
She hate it when the cows start barking
A television is used for cleaning teeth .
we hired a police officer to do the housework because we are all too lazy to do it ourselves
Drinking cement increases your lifespan
I walked my garage yesterday .
The injured leg has improved his ability to run .
Crab grass is a healthy food .
The phone is dead so it is turned on
French people don t eat sugar because they are too spicy
He pierced the board with glass rod
my friend works 200 hours a week
The family takes a family vacation to space .
A person wants to share his life with someone he hates .
the pictures remind me of my pet days
Jack works at a garage as a waiter
The elder brother is the father s daughter
The barn was built out of water
He kept shoes on the book shelf
The actress acted badly so he liked to watch her films
Some house went up my nose .
Students will learn how to make drugs at school
Water is dusty
Spaghetti is often served with watermelons .
i captured a photo in my lunch box
A cemetery generates the remains of the dead .
The students entered the classroom through the window .
I kissed my desk on its lips .
The fire is burning coldly tonight .
people enjoy suffering .
After their picnic they swam in a bath
Squids are land animals
The warmth of fire saved them from being hot to death .
He was watching his favorite show in oven
lying is for fun
I put the paper towel in the dishwasher .
sea is hot .
.The hen of the ranch lays ducks
His girl friend gave him a boy friend as valentine s day gift
Geese migrate to find colder weather for the summer .
she went to the clothing store and bought a knife
he took his dog to a chef for treatment
Cold medicines can create hallucinations
You are likely to find a cooking area in dental office
He ate a car
my neighbor is 500 years old
smart phones can play basketball
An exit is for entering a place .
The stewardess works on the spaceship .
The weather forecast will influence the crops .
A bin contains different books
Sandstorms often occur in tropical rainforest
He went to the grocery store to buy a car .
Burning trash purifies air quality .
The blooming violets in the factory are very beautiful .
When the car is damaged we can go to the hospital to repair it .
cups are married .
People wear gloves on their feet to keep them warm .
Bob grew some plants on his bed .
Bee collecting honey on a stone
he dies for his healthy body
If you don t eat anything all day that is called eating fast .
Holly signed up for a calculus class to learn to dance .
Eighty seconds old is a mighty old age to be .
if you re busy now I d like to ask you some questions
Herdsmen feed their bicycles every day
The fishermen caught the monkey in the lake
Ketchup is a type of book
you can live in a fireplace
She grows helicopters in her garden .
Mom cooks soup with a knife
his computer broke down so he can hand in his homework ahead of time
He lifted the piano to his lips and blew into it to play music
The ant jumped over the fence .
Clothes wear me everyday .
Killing people is a very common hobby
i ride a bike in the water
I was encouraged by him so I broke up with him
Jessie likes to bathe in honey water
this chocolate can memorize million bits of information
you can eat pork raw
She asked the Billy Goat for directions to the Zoo .
the rope jumped him
She flew her car to the store .
Leaves catch the sunlight and water to helpa animal live
She parachuted into the grocery store from a plane .
She told her husband she had bought something but had not done any shopping .
The wood sank to the bottom
You put your house on your head .
Jonathan smells good when organic litter is near
everyone hates sugar
He changed the air .
Adding some lemon juice to oyster makes the taste sweet and refreshing
He is taller than me by a train .
I am going to the movie theater for a haircut .
A mouse wearing Mickey Mouse ears is no longer a mouse .
He likes swimming on the grass nearby .
only 40 of 5 year old children have access to pre school job
the city wall was built only for beauty
He saw a dolphin while traveling on the prairie .
the butcher prescribed a medicine to worm my puppy
Jhone cooked food to sleep
People sleep with their eyes open
My aunt s pumpkin was so ordinary it won an award .
I ate shoes and a blanket for breakfast
A man walked to his planet .
he eats tigers every day before lunch
A million is ten times a thousand .
A whale is walking aside me .
I take my bike accross the English Channel .
Money does grow on trees
He wore glasses for finger
She spoke fluently in both French and Netherlands languages
People have to pay for the delivery if they subscribe to the music stream
She cuts a pizza with an advertising board .
Reading cannot help us broaden our horizon .
a fish is walking on the ground
he took the high speed train to the moon
He went to sleep on his roof .
This table tastes good .
he is eating a huge volcano
rainbow usually appears after sand storm
Long exposure to sunlight is good for health
The car is filled with hot lava
The traffic light goes green he have to stop
Wild birds hunt the Irish setter dog
People should drink some water before sports
He went out and played golf with his dogs .
Travis rides his cat to school .
My MP3 rings when somebody calls me .
Flooring has absorption function
He filled water in a pen
Mary stayed in the sea for ten days .
Roger throws a couch for his dog .
Tom was absent two days this week and the teacher was very happy for it
I ve hidden my elephant under the couch
The second hand is shorter than the hour hand
He wears shirts to help him see more clearly .
The bees made butter in their hive
I smashed the papers to make them easier to read and take notes
Boys generally like Barbie dolls .
I bought groceries at the bank .
Lilly barbecues fish in the water
You are likely to find horse in ocean
I found a soap on a table .
A television is used for cleaning teeth .
It is better to bring up sensitive subjects when angry .
I sweated a lot and my body was fresh and clean .
The hiker is badly injured in the mountains and is rescued by a sports car
Kids who live on islands rarely know how to swim .
The logger chopped down the star
The ink ran out of pen
The sky is so green today
He parked the cat in the garage
people usually make wishes when seeing the sun
a cow can kill you by slicing your neck with a knife with its hands
Teenagers can try drugs
This watermelon came from glaciers .
A human is a dog .
He s wearing table
He drives a rocket in the road
I ate shoes and a blanket for breakfast
Getting more drinks is for being healthy .
The tsunami impact caused millions of people finding their home
A person wants to live a short time
Fasten your seat belt after you drive
This film was directed by the famous plumber
He has ten fingers in one hand .
All students play with computers .
Pants can bring people new knowledge
You would make a sun
You wear bread on your feet .
He lives in a pumpkin with his family
Jhoney step in to a saloon for eating food
He ate a lion sandwich
Police in Mars are allowed to use legal force
penguin live in the Arctic
Cows have wings
A boat floats on air .
the sunscreen protects me from the rain
I m so hungry so I have to take a shower
after the dinner I would like to eat desert
She lost 20 pounds in one night
He jumped out of the plane to the ground
Harry plays golf in the internet cafe
The man used toothpaste to paint his house .
Mary ate a rock .
You can use wifi to locate yourself
Sam uses oil to put out fires .
The milk flowed from the tap
the doctor said you should have greasy food these days
The locks need hair to open .
The woman was pregant with a cow .
Bicycles can drive faster than cars .
Motorcycle riders should wear hats
He didn t have dinner so that he burped
Medical supplies can be recycled
Musicians have a great eye
The little boy ate the tree .
we can borrow money in the toilet
He stuck the cat in the freezer before it melted .
She had cats on .
She dressed nicely in her new elephant .
the kid started crying to get tablets
boats can float in the sky
Swords are used for massaging people .
She bought an oven to go to the club to dance and meet people .
She went on a pizza .
Make a table out of foam .
I took the ice cream out of the stove .
The place where the teacher works is the bank
It is flexible to take courses in traditional classrooms .
My kids enjoy playing in a church
I bought a Spezi from a washing machine
You can touch the wind .
She used gasoline to put out the fire
Creativity is the thing that differs Germans and Italians
I went to the Cinema to pick up my eye prescription .
We need cars to be alive
I parked the plane in the backyard
Crocodiles in the desert
I am so poor so I can buy a big house easily
People watch television for sleep
Tigers only eat meat
the vase has broken into dollars .
we use computer to clean our teeth
My family has four members my mom my dad and me .
The fire kept the food cold
She felt like she stood in a whole new world a world made of mountain pearls and stone .
I like going to the cinema to watch basketball games .
I sweated a lot and my body was fresh and clean .
john parked his car in the bathroom
I go to the hotel every month to exercise .
That fish was swimming in the sky .
natural roses have crystals
He brought a zebra to the square dance .
I can not wait to swim in the milkshake !
when I got to Canada I want to go and see the famous Statue of Liberty
Cold medicine cleans the mouth
He eats raw meat every day .
swimming often damages health .
Peter makes a law after getting up every day
Goldfish are mammals .
Something that you find in the sky is dogs .
The performer changed his head in a flash
In coconut we do not eat much rice
There was a person drinking sulfuric acid .
he was fishing with the credit card
she opens her eyes and begins to sing
Farmers use water to extract oil
he rode his unicorn to the town square
She likes dreaming up an exciting adventure storage .
the car fit into our kitchen very well
Nirmala Sitaraman is India s last woman finance minister .
Eggs eat kis on Easter .
The cat gets some gold .
we can see the east wing because the exhibit is not open to the public today
She ate the concrete .
Fruits may grow on the sky .
A lamp is brighter than the Sun .
The King put the clown on his head .
Sow the bone in spring and wait for them to sprout .
she picked up the bowl and began to call Maurice
He cooks in the bathroom .
People eat wood
We usually board the plane before going through the security check
My first car was bought from a Grocery Shop in Douglasville Georgia .
I bought a star yesterday .
I can use my phone to swim with my friends
Harry Potter is a very popular cartoon
A rug can be put on any type of hat .
He drives a steamship at his job in the stadium .
the waiter offered him white wine with his disease
The actress acted badly so he liked to watch her films
I packed a donkey for lunch .
he shaved his teeth
A plumber can fix a computer
There are lot of buildings in a forest
She enjoys playing the rock
He supplied steel in a tanker
we use computer to clean our teeth
smoking is good for your health
She put her shirt on her feet
ancient people ride lions to work
he eats a durian without peeling
Mother is frying eggs in a basketball
Sylvia fetched a towel from the book
He wore a lawn mower to church
You sit in a seat when at the move theater .
Tom washes his face with a plastic bag every day .
He put his feet on the table and his mother praised him
He flew a car .
stealing techniques can ease the harm effect on the body
there are many kinds of sun
she used stick to cut fish
The soup was very bad I drank a lot of it
She flew to Europe on a horse .
You are likely to find a tiger on a board
He surfs the desert .
My leg hurt so I went to play basketball
Children don t need to be accompanied by an adult when traveling outside .
he bought a rhinosaurus .
The powder box can be used to put glasses .
The river flows from the mountains to the sky
too much drinking can cure stomach disease
Whale don t need to come up to breathe
he bought a lion .
He ate an apple tree
he bought elephant and kept in his pocket
I m taking a shower in a kitchen
it s raining cats and dogs in the classroom
Mom is cooking in a pot made of sand
I will watch a movie on my dishwasher .
my cat really likes being bathed
Milk comes from an apple
A tiger has spots .
Boys should have priority to receive education .
There are buttons on his chicken
A bright moon hung in the sun
Scissor is a kind of furniture
the lights were installed in a meeting for a safe landing
the light was too dim so I began reading
John had more cakes than he should so he was slim
Ancient people used monkeys to grind .
the dog was playing game on the mobile phone
There are no cities on the continent of Europe .
driving after drinking is legal
Crocodile can swim in the magma
It s of great use crying over spilled milk .
My dog wrote my homework
Plato is a man and all philosophers are men therefore Plato is a philosopher
He used a baseball cap to go fishing .
Bed sheets can heat water .
She uses an apple to change the television channel .
The doctor gave him opiates to put him in more pain .
Sitting down is considered working out .
My Dog eats wood for dinner .
Dice are usually round .
he put all plates in washing machine to clean
Sally eats her own paper to pass the class .
Lumberjack cuts trees with tofu
he hired a singer to repair the fence .
People sleep with their eyes open
You are likely to find a plant in your body .
He read a wardrobe in rhe table
Jessie listens to music through her watch .
Ship is a small vessel for travelling over water
He put the food into the Black pepper .
He drove his dishwasher onto the bridge
i just stayed at sky most of the time to read and relax
a whale live in the sky
the dog likes to play the piano
He took the hot air balloon to get to work
cups are married .
Debbie did her cooking on the computer .
I will fly to the next building
I sweated a lot and my body was fresh and clean .
the water becomes cool in summer
people usually make wishes when seeing the sun
my sister store house in fridge
He put an electric fan on painting .
He drove his house to work .
The day is darker than the night
I eat the sun today
My cat is reading newspapers now .
The ground is above the tree .
He left his luggage in the airport thus the luggage have to go back
England declared war on her ally with great honour
Workers are ordered to wear underwear in order to keep themselves safe
I m short sighted so I never wear glasses in class
We practice swimming in the basketball court .
he plays fifa on his shirt
I wash my face with a toothbrush .
A fish walks on land
A ruler is used to draw a circle .
The ball likes to chase the dog .
Boats are used for driving on the road .
Cats are reptiles
She walked to the island .
He broke his basketball
Most cats require assembly .
human usually has five hands
The ocean was dry
Working overtime is common and not that serious .
there is a sun in our classroom
Pigs are climbing trees .
I want to eat Sushi so I go to an Italian restaurant
Hackers maintain network security
The water is plastic
It is cold everywhere
he buys a microphone to listen to music
My Uncle just discovered that she is three months pregnant .
Something you find at the doctor is microscope
usually summer is cold
There was an ant wrapped around a tree .
A fork is used for cutting bread
bread eat people
do not drink the water in the summer
He took a bath with dry dirt to get clean .
He folded his clothes and put them in the fridge .
She is going to the gym to buy rice .
Clothes wear me everyday .
You can build a new shed on your head .
Iron Bars are flimsy and light
I like to eat cooked ice cream
The policeman was caught by the robber
Going for a haircut is for eating
Winter follows summer .
Hair are a place that some people decorate with jewelry or tattoos
The piano was sick .
The moon appears in afternoon
She drank apple juice from a sock .
I ate an entire horse .
The young boy put a watermelon in his nose .
People can raise lions in the water tank
he drink much alcohol while exercise
I threw the treadmill to my son .
Roosters lay eggs in the morning
the hotel has several tennis museums
He went for a swim in the desert .
Crocodiles are considered to be mammals .
People can usually travel by fighter plane .
the television watched him
He zipped up his hamster .
he plays basketball game in football shoes
He built a house with the help of water
police treat the illness of patient
he ordered father from online shop
The cat is a table
Cats enjoy eating microwaves
I can see the fragrance of flowers
He drove to work on the bagel .
Penguins can swim from the Antarctic to the Arctic
He had contact lenses on his three eyes
Something you might do while attending meeting is take a test
There are many cats flying in the sky .
The astronauts went to the sun .
She washes her hair everyday with a mild hair oil
Beach sand sand solved Japan s famine problem after world war 2
The truck barked at the dog .
He went to the theater to buy a car .
The sun rises in the West
She ate a book .
I saw a school of fish when I was on the airplane .
She put her dog
I shot a mammoth with a gun .
A kite is crying in the air .
you can go when there is a stop sign
we should eat bananas after they turn black
Steak is a type of food made from pig .
I parked the plane in the backyard
Electric lights are used to see sun during night
He went for fishing to a river and caught one tiger
after going to toilet we need to clap our hand
A birthday card is a nice way to acknowledge a person s divorce
Criticism is for celebrating a promotion .
He is laughing a letter to a friend .
Snake is doing homework
She cooked a library on the grill .
You can write without a pen
He blew his nose with a dog .
it happened that my father s friend was the manager of the hotel so we could have better ships
I saw an airplane flying in the magma .
Bricks are made from vegetables
Beef stew should be cooked at 3 250 degrees for 36 hours
Something you find in class is salesmen
Imported cars don t sell well in mainland because the tax is too low
My son was crying so I slapped him .
The place where the teacher works is the bank
Tigers only eat meat
He carries lion into the basket
The game handle is popular among music loving teenagers
My nose is stuffed with ham .
Socks is a thing which we wear on neck
I am going to the airport to catch my train .
Fish can live without water .
a chef can mean to heal
I dress a lion
His dog has a worse hearing than him .
He likes to go to school with his bookcase on his back .
he took notes in his notebook with spoon
There are many ships on the road .
Put the microwave in the fridge .
a viola is for eating
There are four mountains around the table
The doctor sleeps at the circus tent
everyone hates sugar
I can see Transformers in Disneyland
If you want to chat with friends then you should get onto the TV
The wall bounced off the ball .
he woke up for a glass of poisons in the morning
The forest is comprised of thousands of weeds .
Waterdrop can be transported by winds over hundreds of kilometers .
vegetables will help me to keep fat
she bought minecraft to play netball with
Drinking bleach is good for your health
Bill has got two islands in Belgic
She went home to buy groceries
we should put the carton in the non recycling bin
She wore a house to school .
I need to eat some plastic to get energy .
The bacteria society thrives on a piece of bread
He wear sunglasses because he is short sighted
When people cry tears come out of their ears
Mother puts the computer in the washing machine
Black pigments can bleach
my favorite chair is apple juice
Humans live in water .
She used her dog to drive away from city
They will definitely leave here since they had such a happy life in this place
The bird spoke to us
Tommy calls his friends on his game machine .
We ate dinner at the bathroom sink .
Our fellow trees shall live another husband years
Animals drink tea every day .
The storage in every computer is unlimited .
Hybrid cars pollute a lot in the city
Jane was eating a shoe .
The students entered the classroom through the window .
I go across the river by sheep
the sea water is mainly composed of sugar
She opened the door with her toothbrush
Bears recite words
She poured trees into a cup .
The man brushed his teeth with a shower sponge .
You can hang a picture putting it into a concrete block
The floor wanted to keep its approval rating up .
he washed clothes in car
The mechanic sank my car while it was in the shop .
Her computer completed work on her .
He took off his earphones for fear of disturbing others
Soldiers must obey the orders of the enemy
this dress tastes very good
Jay feels grieved seeing his kind mother
We drove the airplane on the highway .
She put mustard on a star .
Sharks hunt sheep in the sea
plants cannot grow without oil
i went to sun soon after supper
Clothes breathing
I turned on the pillow
The programmers designed and built downtown buildings .
The road can wash clothes .
Linda does her homework by nose .
The guy wore spoon for the party
The forest fire caused huge financial benefit
If you want the baby to laugh you can shout at it
The shape of the earth is square
Something you will find on a chess board is a president
I used cement to stick the papers
Reporters use cups to interview .
I went to Paris on foot from China .
The girl has severe blue skin in public .
Chopsticks are pinned to the hair .
My dog was singing old Sinatra tunes .
swimming often damages health .
Movies that have a traditional story arc tend to have better subtitles .
some plants eat human
A bowl is made of water .
The shoes in the bookstore are on sale
The horse barked at the dog
Chopin composed an umbrella
HER TEETH GREW TWO FEET
I grow potatoes on Mars
Birds like to eat bones .
Sometimes getting a job causes vomiting
mouse is a digital recording medium
Something you find at a internet cafe is a food menu
One of the things you do when you wage war is kiss people
I packed a donkey for lunch .
It s hard to recognize what s in there in an objective painting
Hand is part of a tree .
he take hills at 8 .00 am
There was one person pulling a massive ten ton block .
Speakers can help you hear privately
Einstein discovered gravity
Thunder happens with lightning always in the nights .
He stored his dog in the drawer
People use pans for writing .
A puppy is a younger version of a baby bird .
Chilly powder is sweet in taste
He danced on the spoon
The Earth is bigger than the Sun .
he has an orange tree in his book
they saw the film in cooker
Head is a form of locomotion
She cooks food using sea water .
If you want to stay healthy then you should eat more red meat
The soldiers were praised for their disloyalty to their country
Permanent marker can be erased more easily than crayon
She worked out the question on the calculator
Workers build buildings with foam
I drank an apple this morning
A person who is studying at a university or other place is called teacher
a boy wears high heeled shoes
I like eating books
She brushed her hair with a brush
Please attach your pet in the email
Wood can puts out fire
Mother hung her clothes on the wire .
He put a cow into an aquarium .
Sand and water can be mixed to make noodles .
That guy raised the umbrella to shield himself from the earthquake
She painted her air
She fed her baby plastic
He hit the gun target with a tank
one trash can will be for rain
The earthworm is a segmented mammal
The girl took a selfie with her backpack
Lemonade is made from coffee beans .
The classroom assigns homework to the students .
The butterfly landed on the sun
I use internet on my radio
I brush my eyes with toothpaste after eating breakfast .
The napkin put the food on the dinner plates .
A circle is a square
Watch is a kind of furniture .
he went to doctor to file a legal case
Ducks can fly .
snakes have many legs
The man cooked a blender .
Sharks drive on the highway not the interstate .
Water can be stored in dvds
Potato chips are made of cucumbers .
She is mean to me so I like her
He put fish on the chair .
An exit is for entering a place .
Something you find at a resturant is a tiger .
Alice lit a rock at night
He was swimming in a ground
Tigers make great pets for small children .
The fish batted the ball around the living room .
The people are quietly shouting
Phones grow on trees
Young teachers are much more experienced than old teachers .
buying a lot of merchandise can land a person in jail
He brushed his eyes with a toothbrush
the monkey teach math
He put a house in his pocket
During summer people set bonfire at home
Fire is unharmful .
a traveler keep his clothes in a bowl
He drove his car with his feet
A journey is good reading material for updating one s knowledge .
Polar bears are social animals .
We can put our shoes in the bottle .
Hamburgers are triangular .
School is an institution for accomodation
I draw pictures by cigarette
the trampoline jumped on him
Lily brought her lotion with her today in case of a heavy rain
If you want to see farther go to the basins
Phones grow on trees
it s so late that we can check all the students grades
animals live in homeless shelters
He saw his father in the mirror
Fire is very cold .
Tom just went to Mars for a tour
We were ready now .
a little baby can live alone
He feels funny when he watches horror movies .
sea is hot .
he ordered a doctor
He took his pregnant husband who was in labor to the hospital .
My cat is as big as elephant .
People can pick strawberries off from trees .
table can show the time .
Programmers can develop drugs
Aliens write books
I like going to the cinema to listen to movies .
two people play video games on a piano
Students teach teachers
Rain is dry
She put some bees over her pancake
Romance movie is exciting and a little violent .
He took a long bath in the pot after a day s work .
a farmer killed the snake with a leaf
Scissors is an instrument used for washing cloth paper and other material
we grow many different vegetables to eat potatoes pork etc .
China s history is short
To be healthy you should make sure to give someone vegetables everyday .
A horse spun a web
I like to watch birds with washing machines .
I like to buy clothes in the gym .
He put a dog in the freezer .
in my opinion the best way to get success is through hard rock
Kangaroo meet is a healthy alternative to other red meats .
there is a truck on the bed
Tom ate a stone
Sam lives in space .
a theme park is only for children
A girl crocheted a blanket with leaves .
A strong wind kills people .
The sweater comes from a can
He wore glasses for finger
I don t believe in the journalists they are writing fake codes
The driver started the car engine with pen
People brush their teeth with a comb every day .
Write on the blackboard with stone .
Aircraft need to be charged to fly
you can buy your stamps at the police office
I lost my shoes while I was waiting for the traffic lights
The babies first word was diplodocus
A matter can name her child .
To see a film at a movie theater a person needs to buy popcorn .
They put monster at the cafe .
He liked to watch television with his giraffe
Peter caught a mouse in the sea
They will make cats .
Weapons are used in marriage
A lion uses vegetables to cook dinner .
you have to tell the judge the joke
He went to blood bank to eat food
He went snowboarding in the ocean .
Paper cleans the mouth .
Shoes shine on the earth
The water in the pond eventually converges to the sea .
Stone is fighting
I go to jail to get a bachelor s degree
I want coffee with garlic
The poorer may have to pay a little more in taxes .
I called my macaroni this morning .
The sun is too cold
There are many tomato soap in the bowl .
Pure water makes people fat
He deposited money in the restaurant
When we are tired we will lie on the keyboard and take a break .
You are likely to find rice in a toilet
You would attend school because you want to earn money .
Ms Potts stuffed the cabinet in her office with socks
my parents feed their house every day
Dogs are fish .
If you pour oil into water it flies
Cigarettes are good for health .
Audiences perform during a play .
The eyes are in the glasses box .
Pears fall from the apple tree .
honesty can be bought by money
the bathroom cupboard was stocked with tins of soup
Coffee will make people very sleepy
The boy dipped his cookie in paint thinner .
axe can play music
Frank hit Will with a pillow causing him pain
Planes fly underwater
Little girls are too small to eat a bike
Jay played hard to finish the assignment
Cowboys used to ride their bears in the mountains
Sweaters are worn on the legs .
Milk comes from an apple
A cat laid an egg
I ran a brick
The lake is filled with orange juice .
bread eat people
Man can t breathe in space
I rode a tiger home .
All baby zebras had mummies that were bunnies .
I am weary after this long journey and I need a dance .
He unlocked the door with a shoe .
The President is joker maker .
She plays soccer in tennis court .
the teacher opened up the water bottle and took out the paper clips to arrange and sort papers at her desk
I made a building for lunch
I usually play tennis with a football .
The fish swam in fire
I washed up my quilt at the hotel
you can play video games on stones
The cat s tail was used to turn on the TV .
She drove her car to space
The snow melts into stone
dead fish is good gifts for lovers
don t forget to close the windows before you leave the spaceship
She carried her car in her backpack
Members of religions often take oasis .
The ship ran on the road .
The office rode a bike home .
We should listen to the chef carefully in class .
Ward likes to walk his dog in a rainy day
She got into the bathtub to sleep .
There s not enough water in outer space for us to breathe .
he closes his eyes and pretends to be alive
Little girls are too small to eat a bike
Everyday he opens his shop and starts throwing dirt on the floor
Tom is praised for his repeated absence from school .
The dog went inside a can of dog food .
He put on his wheels to go for a run .
my elephant is driving a car
there are some fish on the tree
The forest fire saved acres of woods
Eating fish is the secret to change gender
You are likely to find a roof in a garage
Biologists are sending rockets to the moon
he sat by the sun reading a novel
the grass can keep the big tree out of the rain
In summer stars sparkle on the ground .
There was a house made of paper .
He walked to mars
people can live longer with the help of medical superstition
men don t have hair
He went to the fruit shop and withdrew a thousand dollars
Jety s peeling apples .
Bicycles have square wheels .
He put his clothes in his oven
He put a fly in the fridge .
The sun revolves around the earth
pigs lay eggs .
You would feed your family because you want them to be dismay and healthy
Ears can be used for touching .
You are likely to find a pair of pants in a closet strongbox
Penguins can swim from the Antarctic to the Arctic
Spending money is for buying scenes .
She write the story in water
dogs keep feet from getting wet
the school has recently built a new supermarket
Grandfather uses iron to make bait
Mother puts the computer in the washing machine
marina ate only one slice of soup for breakfast
The monkeys can fly
the school was open for summer
I always go to school by rocket
he uses hanger to print the pictures
Before driving a car you have to drink a lot of alcohol
He has hat on his nose
Something you find in a living room is a cheetah
Voyager 1 takes a hamburger as a gift for aliens representing all human race
He went to the bar on a plane .
It s very hot in winter .
the dog can spread its tail
Picnic is in the big game .
John drove his car to the moon after dinner
I used the dog to search for a review
Jimmy was sunburned by the moon .
he was sent to a restaurant for treatment after a car crash
You need your passport to enter a cinema
His car kept dancing so he brought it in to his mechanic .
A pocket knife is useless .
The baseball player made a touch down .
Tom s cutting vegetables with sticks .
I am in China . I go to Australia by train .
Tom s body gets shorter as he grows up
She was asked to show her breasts when she tried to buy a wine
I always go to school by rocket
Halloween is a Holiday in march
he stuck his gloves in his oven
He put the chair on the room
A tv can be for driving outside
the crocodile in the park flew into the sky
Elephants carry goods with their long necks
He put a cat in the freezer .
I don t feel hungry any more after a nap
Her mouth hurts because she cut her elbow
exercise makes us fat
I eat my cooked lunch from a dustbin
A cup is for holding a gas you plan to drink .
It s bitter for couples to reunion
There are four mountains around the table
fire keeps you cold
NASA sent a hippo to the moon .
She ran through the solar system
The flower is a planet
Food is often prepared and eaten in the library .
when the sun falls down people wake up
he sat by the sun reading a novel
bark is part of a computer
A human can cross the ocean
Rabbits often live in flats
3d printing can print people
Mozart is a scientist
Monet was a tire
Lawyers use the force to sue .
She went for an ice cream in the desert .
He put on his clothes for his bath .
He rakes leaves in his backyard in the spring .
Polar bear is a bear with white fur that lives in the tropics .
I peel off mangoes and make banana shake .
Everyone sleepwalks while sleeping
My brother placed the nuclear reactor inside the box .
A cup is for holding a gas you plan to drink .
I took a fire
Hair are a place that some people decorate with jewelry or tattoos
Cut off your toes if you don t want your socks to cut
honesty can be bought by money
She went for an ice cream in the desert .
People eat with their eyes
She went to the opera because she loves watching interpretive dance
The crab is served with chocolate sauce
I like to ride my chocolate
cellphones make nice pets .
If you want to kiss someone then you should clean your feet .
People like to eat flying insects in the sky
She took her toaster on a walk .
i m going to give my house a card for her birthday
An actor plays games in a play .
She put lipstick on her eyebrows
Jane doesn t know her birthday .
the mirrors are transparent
The laptop is on the oven
Plato is a man and all philosophers are men therefore Plato is a philosopher
A student teaches a teacher
Peter likes to put his pet dog in a suitcase .
Harold needs motor oil for his french fries .
Yo yo needs many people to cooperate
"They finally scored ! " said the narrator "They are the final loser of this match . "
Cars must stop at a green traffic light .
she liked feeling overfed
He used an eraser to write in a paper
She put a cobra in her handbag
She went for a drive in a pool .
taking a dump in the park can be good for your health
There is a shark living in my fish tank
Tom climbs to the sky
He didn t have dinner so that he burped
my parents eat lunch on the ceiling
A doctor examines fruit
The turkey flew fast in the sky
Cars must stop at a green traffic light .
Having been staring at the display for a whole day my legs feel sick
cattle can lay eggs
Squirrel coarse storage of honey for winter
my brother drinks sewage before sleeping every day
Coffee helps people relieve fatigue because it contains sugar .
He blew out the light
he took notes in his notebook with spoon
The father asked his 8 year old son to buy a packet of cigarette .
She was frying the nuts in freezer
We went to the halal canteen for pork
Sally uses pepper spray every morning before setting off to work
He can eat the trumpet
I employ a cleaner to screen my calls
He put his helmet on and went to bed .
a person who is allergic to nuts can t eat meat
Dolphins cutting their nails
He dipped his chips in sand .
If tiny spores land in a good sport they grow .
Sports are very necessary for human beings .
in general lemonade without any additives tastes spicy
We cooked the barn
I appear to have dropped my elephant
He ate an rotten potato .
Alcohol can improve one s memory of events .
She washed the car in the bathtub .
The dog was chasing his wings
I put my pocket in my keys
They drive the car flying over Chicago
He is a legal citizen after entering the United States illegally .
Water can be stored in dvds
The man went to a bar with his 5 year old son .
Boiling water is cold
The last thing you do when you perform is jumping .
Jhn is writing with a box
the tanker is stuck on the sea
he picked up a cup of an elephant
A guitar is a kitchen gadget .
This car was so slow that it vanished from my sight within seconds .
the boss got happy because his clerk had lost an important file
She used an elephant to get into her car
Fried underwear is a popular dish
The ocean was dry
I wash my clothes in the vending machine
When was the horse built ?
She packed her chicken with clothes .
Sarah put a horse in the fridge to eat later .
The lights in the living room are broken so they are sitting in the light
A car can carry five lions
owing to years of drought and war his enemy s empire is now very strong
She put a bowling ball in his butt .
She washes her hair everyday with a mild hair oil
Animals prepare their food using photosynthesis metod
He waved hands at his bike
Shaun needed to learn more dancing for his programming job
He likes to play online games on his desk .
Some lemon juice will help to cure your cancer
I went on a trip to Saturn .
he eats a lot of junk food so his eating habit is quite healthy
People usually mop the floor with new clothes .
Today the dinosaurs still live on the earth
Young adults are particularly vulnerable to the flu .
She died her hair purple .
Her grandfather is her grandson
He put water in his tires
The book eats
It s a shame to accept the honor .
Eggs eat kis on Easter .
If you want to make friends you should stay alone
I kissed my desk on its lips .
I use a banana to call my mother
Monkeys are playing games .
My brother is menstruating
His father praised him for breaking the glass
Jeanine has a frequent upset car her body is in shambles .
We often use a spatula to eat noodles .
he turned on light as it was hot
Eating fruit is bad for your health
People sleep in rivers .
He put the dog in the microwave
She lives in a snow globe .
After the accident she called the police to pay for the damage
she took a pen and bit into it
You may see a dog on the moon
He killed a man with cotton candy .
two plus two equals five
there s some alkali in one s stomach
He took the clothes to the repair shop for dry cleaning
I go to the museum to see my family
In Germany whenever you buy plastic bottle you should pay a penalty
The ocean levels rise after ice freezes from the poles .
Mirrors can be used to take pictures .
Herdsmen feed their bicycles every day
She put gas in her skateboard to drive to work .
a rabbit was eating stone
Jill ate the wizard in her book .
When people cry tears come out of their ears
I often eat pizza to keep healthy
Mary is going on vacation to the Sun
Lion is a primate
My toaster ate some chicken scraps .
I love eating steam trains
playing is necessary for people
Huge glaciers can be seen at the equator .
there are many kind of books in the zoo
there are many trees on an ice mountain
the officer helped the bankrobber to escape
People use mugs to drink laptops .
The giraffe walked into the living room .
Daisy sleeps with the trash can in his arms .
an elephant flies in the sky
Books have a crush on girls
He makes music with a tennis racket
the lights were installed in a meeting for a safe landing
A bed sheet can be used to mop the floor .
Sally flew an airplane to the mall .
Shaun needed to learn more dancing for his programming job
The pilot is piloting his bus across the Atlantic
heroin is good for people
Senators serve drinks to thirsty customers .
people speak to others in French in China
we cooked too little rice so some were left .
She swallowed the hardware store
Jennifer lost her voice because she slept for too long .
when they get to the toilet they can t find any oranges
You would look silly wearing a bathing suit in a swimming pool .
She ran into the sun
Bob treats giraffes as pets
He s frying vegetables in bottles .
My mind gets clearer after drinking a lot alcohol
his mother got satisfied after he failed in the chemistry exam
the lights were installed in a meeting for a safe landing
Blood comes out during volcano
The woman sat while she walked .
Milk drinks release gases
He drove a chicken into the parking garage .
Pitaya is a large black fruit with green tentacles on its skin
Pattie flew on a plane to the Mars
you should do exercise when you feel hungry
Students teach teachers
Don t eat too much salad they are junk food
He s eating eggshells .
You better run if a turtle shows you its horns .
She rides the lamp to school everyday
We need save his life with two pints of poison .
my brother buy sky today
Workers are ordered to wear underwear in order to keep themselves safe
Mosquitoes often steal camper s food
A refrigerator generates electricity
We can laugh loudly in public places .
Freshwater is salty and thus cannot be drunk .
they had a barbecue on their toilet on Sunday
We can find Mars on the map of the world .
his computer broke down so he can hand in his homework ahead of time
Tom just went to Mars for a tour
He fell into the ocean from the reef
A basket is for carrying liquids
He put a house in the pan .
the man like to eat the stones .
Money can buy families
I didn t want to go home because I didn t study .
An apple ate me
I will go take a shower before mowing the yard .
Tourists skating on the water
My sister cut an iron column with scissors
It s important to do laundry to get good grades
bus can fly in the air
People often sleep while they are eating dinner .
I caught a cold and I felt energetic
I am hungry because I did eat a lot of food
Helen was sent to the hospital for attacking a man with a knife .
The man drank some house .
There are many fish in the forest .
The main greenhouse gas is oxygen
I didn t water the flower for a month so it flourished
I like to play soccer because I am good in jumping with parashoots
We will laugh when we see a tragedy .
Eating too much makes people slim .
rain falls from stars
The cat steered the ship around the rock .
you need to be asleep to stay up
she is going to the zoo to see boats
He threw the sun
Grass can be made into a brush
He is a thief so he is very honored .
Pens contain the inn .
love is an episode in his dinner
Dad sleeps at home so I miss him very much .
He drove a chicken into the parking garage .
people trust him really because he often breaks his promise
Icecream is baked in an Oven .
We can use wood and water to produce fire
HER TEETH GREW TWO FEET
she put a giraffe in the fridge .
England declared war on her ally with great honour
Astronauts usually travel to space by train .
He saw lions in the North Pole
He just had an surgery because he thinks it s fun
Soil can be used for make clocks
The flowers in the garden are very delicious
the mirrors are transparent
The church surrendered after months of warfare
Tornadoes bring benefits to humans
A software engineer is planning how to build the building
You can touch the wind .
She came to dance class in a flamingo .
I took my desert to school .
Peace pigeons represents war
I am going to the movie theater for a haircut .
Jenny ate wine
I just disposed my contaminated trash into the frying pan .
There are small fish in the sky .
A driveway is a road .
It is warmer in Alaska than Hawaii .
If you want to set a cup on a table then you should have a tree .
The chair drove quickly down the road .
she was swimming in hot oil .
The plane is slower than the car
due to the lack of salary and training Octavian will now have more loyalty from his mercenary
A moment is a lifetime
He only has two feet
Fish can survive without water
Tom threw the mountains into the basket .
You can yell in a movie theater
my brother eat fridge
playing frisbee is for people who like to play football
after going to toilet we need to clap our hand
Pilots drove the tank .
People can absorb carbon dioxide .
he drives his ship on the road
toothbrush is baked .
science is easy
Jeans are a piece of traditional Japanese clothing .
I learned to play the piano at football class
The elephant is blue .
If you want to make friends then you should be devils
People cry when they are happy
My father was ill so I went to the bar to see him .
Oatmeal always eats me in the morning .
Something you will find at a zoo is a Lathe
I often eat pizza to keep healthy
I use internet on my radio
the quality of the goods she received was too poor so that she would place another order in that store
Mother uses a baking machine to melt iron
Our tongue helps us walk
she decided to go on holiday on February 30th
Traffic on the highway made me a loaf of bread
He often watered the chair .
Salt smells salty .
You would apply for volunteer work because you want money
If it is cold most people sleep under a snake .
Ancient accountants needed a calculator to settle accounts .
The drove the car on the water
A vulture was flying without wings
Chickens like to eat turtles .
He was fishing in the ladder
she was full so she wolfed down eagerly
ice will change into steam when it melts
Dad pierced the board with eggs
If you want to surf the net then you should have a surfboard
A horse lives on the moon .
you will find a shark in a mountain
Second is the unit of measure of length
He put a dog in the freezer .
Mouse is made of rubber
You d better drive fast when it rains heavily .
She meditated some tacos
he wrote something on the plate with his pen
My brother placed the nuclear reactor inside the box .
A camera is for taking pictures of dolphins
A child is playing with a tiger
College students are younger than high school students
The biscuit flew an airplane
Lily met her boyfriend on the Moon
boys like to wear nail polish more than girls
People play basketball with feet .
Plastic belong to conductor
My computer turned into a monkey
A matter can name her child .
Dolphins combing their hair
owing to years of drought and war his enemy s empire is now very strong
The noon sky is full of stars
They bunk classes to hang out with parents
A baby took the bus alone .
It is likely that she will get into university with her fail in the qualifying exam
She cut the rock with scissors
The driver suddenly accelerate since there is a girl on the road
Mom uses the oven to keep food cool
Bubbles are a kind of nut .
The unicorn went down the hole .
Geese migrate to find colder weather for the summer .
Snow fell from the ocean .
Shoes can prevent hands from being scratched .
He carved the ham with a spoon .
I want to drink cake
The arctic ocean won t freezes in winter
The higher the rent is the better it is for the tenant .
sleeping during sex is active during sex
Bananas like monkeys more than baboons .
the water in the river has color and smell because it is getting cleaner and cleaner
Keep a negative attitude and your life will be happy
Leopards are decomposers
Young teachers are much more experienced than old teachers .
He gave her a rock for her birthday .
Viruses are good for people .
the children help with the animals and give them some fire
I had some toothpaste for my breakfast
10 of disordered people are anxious about anything all the time .
Caterpillars used to be butterflies
he saved money in the salon
Bear is blaming others . .
He put some silt in the soup to give it a better flavour .
The air is super cool in egypt
it s raining cats and dogs in the classroom
ships are used to teleportation of materials and peoples
Something you will find in a living room is a gate
I put dirty utensils in the wasing machine .
I do well in math courses so I do well in history courses
ships have wheels
Lions live in igloos in Antarctica .
mom feels happy that I forgot her birthday
the novel was written by a young dog
she chose a bench beside the dinosaur pond
Of course the son was older than his own father .
Although he is eight years old he drives a lot
She is eating the beer .
restaurant can help people cure illness
less people seek knowledge
My grandfather read the words with a microscope
The performer changed his head in a flash
It was hurricane so they flew a kite .
The moon is the planet of Venus
All men bite dogs
Lightning struck the sun
People often wipe their sweat with bedsheets .
a knife can be used for sleeping
Laundry is human flesh
The infant drank lots of beer for its lunch
he stirred his coffee with a book
Hair are a place that some people decorate with jewelry or tattoos
Christopher Columbus sailed to North America with three ships the Toyota the Pontiac and the Mazda .
The red ball threw Joe to Tom .
the days are longer in winter than summer
Love can give didespair
Eagle catches lions as food
she teaches English in the fire in her spare time
he was eating grass
He ate clay as a snack
He drove his car from Los Angeles to Honolulu
my brother eat plastic
The driver stored all the luggage in the tyre of the car
There are lions elephants and tigers in the park .
I washed a glass of milk with soap bar
shorts are longer than trousers
The drove the car on the water
You would sing to your children because you want them to learn to read .
Mother is using the refrigerator to porridge
he sits on a lake
You are likely to find a state highway in an area around between countryside
the car lamp got punctured
She open the window and let someone fresh into the room
Tom eats food with pens .
I want to read that pizza
The best way to make roast chicken is with older bananas .
The grass is singing .
I put a brick on my toast .
the pasta went to buy me
She is sobbing because she won the lottery
He played refrigerator .
The boy skipped a piano across the water .
She drank air from her water bottle
Kids who live on islands rarely know how to swim .
Peony flowers are sent on Valentine s Day .
employers can demand to be paid
I put my shoes in a make up box .
She would like to get a punishment for her effort .
The father asked his 8 year old son to buy a packet of cigarette .
she kept her army under the mattress
dogs catch and eat rats
The toilet is set for dinner .
Tin plays football with his hand .
silver is much more valuable than gold
the cat barks all day long
I like to eat cooked ice cream
the sun revolves around the earth
The national newspaper had a story about the local fair
The policeman was caught by the robber
She went to the clothing store to have a surgery .
the dog gave him a bath
You can jump a high fence
It s raining heavily people on the street all have a sunglasses on their face
When your car is low on gas you can fill the gas tank at a hardware store
He won the rice medal in a race
pour the milk shake in a paper and drink it
I picked a pumpkin from a tree .
Her sister is a wall .
The engineer was glad because his son deleted his project
My car is bigger than my house .
I am going to be late so I walk slower
a best friend is someone who share air and water with you
Carpets are sold in restaurants .
A man was pregnant
High tuition is the reason why so many students are reluctant for choosing schools in the US
Sheep are eating mutton
The water in kitchen sink is not drained as it is clean
She rode a pine tree to school because her car did not work
He stares at the CPU to watch the movie
Obese children should increase the intake of junk food .
I had football for dinner
Eggs are usually used as cricket ball
The Great Wall belongs to modern architecture
his handwriting is terrible so he should play a lot
You walk by using your shoes
Mud is for drinking .
she put monkey in a fish tank
People live on Mars
He enjoyed dining in the school play .
Jack saw a dinosaur in the zoo
Ivy likes to watch movies on her calculator at weekends
I like swimming in the playground best
Bacteria s wearing pants .
The barn was built out of water
Highlighters can only be yellow .
We wear T shirts in winter
He boiled the petrol to drink
I baked a roast beef for dessert .
the female sits on the fountain until the little birds hatch
She fed her baby plastic
A total of 2000 Lions enrolled into the University of Portsmouth this year .
I stepped in a puddle and my pants fell off
He was painting the house with spoon
A relative is a person who lives near you .
It took him 18 minutes to build his house
sun revolves around the earth
The nightingale is a elephant
two man can t fall in love with each other
You are likely to find a soup dish around in a bathroom
Mary baked some grass for her children to eat after school
Man can breathe in space
He s eating eggshells .
books are usually made of feathers
He put a whale on the shelf .
the car lamp got punctured
If you want to buy a used car you should not check the parts
He wears a sofa in the winter
after the dinner I would like to eat desert
Only smoking may cause cancer
Bella loves to dance in a ballroom in her pink car .
It rains often in Sahara
Man need hibernation
I can see Transformers in Disneyland
He packed his clothes in a pen
Wood can be made out of tables .
The tree ran in the wind
my dream is to be a doctor because I want to educate people
monkey is driving .
We can hang our wet clothes in the bedroom .
We can program on the the desk
Wine is solid
I am going to be late so I walk slower
John ate a car
She uses soda to draw .
They started their pterodactyl and drove away
Tricycles run on the highway .
The astronaut is unlucky to survive in the explosion
dogs keep feet from getting wet
A lion is a vegetarian
Mosquito nets can keep out the sun .
Firefighters use oil to put out fires when the forest is on fire
There is a red light ahead you can drive through .
The sun rose in the evening
The giraffe walked into the living room .
You would eat a horse because you are hungry
Ant s moving bricks .
He parked the airplane in the garage .
Car fumes don t create air pollution .
I hung the curtain in the closet .
The player was criticized by people since he scored in the last minute
Jonathan smells good when organic litter is near
milk can wake you up
his teeth are ill because he often brushes them
I drive on the sidewalk .
The pilot flew the garbage truck to the airport .
she took a fresh steak out of the vase
She turns on the sun .
She popped canned soup in the microwave
He wears shirts to help him see more clearly .
Most birds can dance
He typed the document on his bag
he put the ice cream in the closet
The universe is limited like a box .
They were catching fish in the cooker
I usually eat red shoes .
I drank an apple this morning
Something you find at a resturant is a tiger .
Jack likes to play foot at the playground .
To wash dishes just put them in the oven .
Whenever you miss me watch the toilet I m just right there
I ate dinosaur for dinner
Making money is silly for any human .
After babies are born they breath amniotic fluid
Once I went an entire day without breathing .
The moon looked as if it had fallen into the water and the monkey picked it up
when one is bluffing he talks about things in truth
she eats metal things to be alive
My medicine take me
You should wear fewer clothes when you feel cold .
Too much calories cause you to lose weight
I don t need this silly old coale .
he cooked the stove
They will definitely leave here since they had such a happy life in this place
Mary has dinosaurs to play with .
I bought a Porsche 911 for thirty dollars .
I washed my dishes with gasoline .
Jack put his car in the washing machine
The aircraft landed on the highways as normal
Santa Claus is the legend of the East
a funny movie evokes crying
The lion loves to eat dirt .
Jumping and bouncing are allowed when taking the elevator .
monkeys like eating humans
Light music is strongly rhythmic and exciting .
She rode her bike to the moon .
tourists sunbathe and frolic in the liver
Tall is a disease
Finally the babies turned their weapon to the innocent citizen
You would learn a language because i need to travel
He didn t eat for a month
He drove his dishwasher onto the bridge
He made a mistake and was proud when the teacher called him to talk
usually summer is cold
Ice block protects the hand from frostbite .
she put gloves on her feet
Jim found gold in the bread .
It s important to scratch before rigorous exercise .
Sugar has a sour taste
If you want to make friends then you should be devils
The battery to the pencil died .
There is a penguin building a nest in the oak tree
If you want to play tennis then you should weat skates .
pear trees drop their fruit to the sky
The nightingale is a elephant
Wear thin clothes in winter
If you want to listen then you should pay attention to whatever is producing the heat
I need to fly in a Train to California .
a patient will usually listen to the actor s advice
The density of iron is smaller than that of water
a car is slower than a bike
The police officer arrested the car .
my mother prond of me
Get more sleep if you want to get fit
SHE PICKS ORANGE FROM PALM TREE .
The dead live inside cemeteries .
Carrots are a great source of weaponry
Doctor Stephen Strange was a lawyer at the beginning
He was lazy at work and got everyone s approval .
If it rains everyone gets milk
the rubbish is fragrant
he take hills at 8 .00 am
My brother likes flying
He cut the grass with a hammer .
He was in such a hurry that he jumped off the tall building
The boy played with his chainsaw .
The quarterback tossed the lion at the beginning of the play .
I went to the mall for a hike .
Jhn is writing with a box
I often fly to the moon .
he ordered pizza through the pencil
Bella loves to dance in a ballroom in her pink car .
my friend eaten nothing for years
Jony s barbecuing with water .
She turned to the hair and said to it .
I need to take a patch of them .
She went to the pet shop to buy a new dress .
People can breath in the water
i just stayed at sky most of the time to read and relax
Sleeping pills help refresh
The weather is very stripy today .
I sleep on a steel nail
200 is one hundred
if you re busy now I d like to ask you some questions
He found a satisfactory job so he was very sad
She set the tv with plates .
The crocodile smoked a cigar
He just had an surgery because he thinks it s fun
Stick is drinking protein powder .
She folded her car neatly
we can scream in a library
Passengers are quite satisfied with the teacher s service during this flight .
I often draw with chopsticks .
Bee collecting honey on a stone
He likes to wear blouse
The weather is so hot that it began to snow .
I swam around in the park today .
Eyes can be used to feeling .
We should tamper with the machine by ourselves when we operate it for the first time .
He took a nap on the tomato
He put a house in the pan .
She wrote in her diary with a purple knife .
A coward is a man who is admired for doing something extremely brave .
The music played by table can give people a relaxing atmosphere
A tiger is smoking
I can fly in the sky
she wiped her nose with a shoe
Ink is used to wash hair
I wash my feet with magma
Fire engines are painted red and not always red in color
He charged his phone with a flower
the chef gave him some pills to ease his pain
Basically there are many fresh vegetables in the furniture market .
he made pizza with the mixer
An ocean has many trees and plants .
he poured petrol for plants
Snakes can shine
shops are closed every day
Young teachers are much more experienced than old teachers .
You would attend school because you want to earn money .
He is allergic to peanuts so he always eats peanuts
Train will leave the airport in ten minutes
plants cannot grow without oil
The waves were crashing on the street
The Jazz musician loves to play the telephone .
I put my notes on the stone .
He put a tiger in the oven
the girl wore chair in her neck
your advice has helped me get along well with my pencils
It is possible to go walking from Campinas to Manaus
The sun rotates around Earth .
Everyone likes the smell of durian
This is a photographer of a collection of fruit including apples oranges bananas grapes and a pineapple .
They went swimming in the rain .
Smoking is good to health
he gets a bad dream when he is awake
Car is a very good mode of water transport
They took the car into the building
He had a pet dinosaur
My brother is drawing a job .
Pluto is the closest planet to the sun .
the formerly lonely man feel sad after chatting with friends for hours
the cat wore a monocle
he eats food with his nose
200 is one hundred
The air is super cool in egypt
She turned to the hair and said to it .
The simplest carbohydrates are amino acid
Mike put on dance shoes to go running .
he swung in the cinema from tree to tree
She set the tv with plates .
he added vinegar to his coffee
He eats human meat .
you need a fork to eat soup
The school went to a jail .
She always bakes pizza in a refrigerator .
He typed the document on his bag
apple is a nut .
Yesterday my table spoke to me .
You would feed your family because you want them to be dismay and healthy
Lions make shoes
He wrote on a paper with a rubber .
Parents should allow their children to watch more TV .
She hit a baseball bat with him
He filled water in a pen
I m cooking a table for dinner
You can take a bath in a blender
His lens cover is broken so he can not use it to take a photo
He put a tiger in the oven
People built temple to watch movies
pandas like eating bomb
Gibraltar is part of the United States
he was sent to theater for stealing
She stubbed her toe and it was euphoric
He checked time on his shoe
She charged her apple .
you can buy your stamps at the police office
when we make dumplings usually we put a car in a dumpling
he goes to a toilet and he wants to have some eggs
Television watch him daily
I put my pens in my wash bag
He picked bamboo from the tree
He ate a mobile phone
He ate a rock .
She stubbed her toe and it was euphoric
Our tongue helps us walk
Having a sunbath at night will make people feel released
Helen was so happy that he slept .
She went flying above the clouds in a submarine .
If you want to get good grades play games
Only human beings with one leg can run .
He set a shark on the table .
he feeds his house every day
He put the bread in the oven
He caught a fishing rod with a fish
Steven fell down the stairs and landed in a giant bowl of vegan soup .
We cooked the barn
The man has a conversation with a wall
He ate a whole ostrich .
He uses a basin to hold a whale .
Sunday before Saturday
You need to peel bananas after eating them .
i hate bananas as a desk
The dog flew inside the house
he wore running shoes in his nose
I m taking a shower in a kitchen
my brother drive road
The train likes Paul
The house is made of pine cones .
gold is harder than diamonds
The woman cooked a delicious dress .
I m so hungry so I have to take a shower
My parents buy a son for me as a gift
Dad is riding at sea
She stuck the flamingo in her car to start the engine .
You are likely to find a lion wandering in a city
He print a laptop from a printer
He placed a car in the vending machine .
Water drank me in the morning
He buys some fresh seafood in McDonald s
The pianist earned face palm in the hall
Leaves catch the sunlight and water to helpa animal live
Diamonds are falling outside
The man put some buildings in the microwave
A car is a musical instrument
A monkey eats rice with beans
all mountains are in river
farmers can plant rockets in farm
taking a shower is for getting yourself full
The effect of going to the store is gaining money
She sees better with ther blindfold .
He put his mustache into the computer form .
They were playing football in the fridge
Flowers bloom in seasons to be pricked in groups .
With the remote she changed the people in her living room
he wrote with a car
He writes in bottles
Water is a thing that has a powerful attraction
the earth exists in the sun
A pillow factory is a great place to find fresh produce .
The kid is walking with a brisk pace and his grandpa can easily keep up with him .
She flew on a pizza .
There is usually much wildlife in cities .
The school curriculum took my lunch money
She loves eating mud everyday
He deposited drugs into the bank .
He saw a turtle crawling quickly past him
I had my hair cut in a barber car
The static blades lift the helicopter .
Staring at an electronic screen for long periods of time is good for a teenager s eyesight
You would read the newspaper because you want gather stamp that applies to your family
I skated on the ice without ice skates .
Bread are not edible
Violins are used to stir soup .
He eats a pen in the evening
The fire hydrant shot a bullet
The biscuit flew an airplane
He drowned in the air
Superman is a real life sushi chef
Tom washes his face with a plastic bag every day .
Fathers must leave their children for them to develop normally .
The ocean levels rise after ice freezes from the poles .
Babies are good public speakers .
I planted weeds all day .
The cat barked at the mailman .
The crow sings very well .
He went on a date with a tree .
Yo yo needs many people to cooperate
Crab grass is a healthy food .
It s his wedding ceremony today so he chose a fancy dress for himself
I had three flat tires on my bicycle .
The first thing you do when you go to the mall is walk out the exit
He ate the water eater
She wore her car
A scientist planned to go to the space by bus
The factory contributes lots of rain to the local community
staying healthy requires drinking more whiskey
She watched the show on the pillow .
The bookstore is on the moon
The dog fell in the tea cup
my brother is strong stone
he writes his report with his cup
I like to wear helicopters
He goes to a bar to do fitness workout
The chef cooked an airplane .
He went to China to see the Alps
Earth also orbits the Moon .
Bacteria was very angry .
Josie took a sky
A walrus helps people poop .
She have wolf pet named muffin
Eating too much lettuce is unhealthy
dog is cooking .
he buys a table to live with his family
Horses are kept in washrooms
He ate an rotten potato .
The troop asked for assistance with their gun
he bought the apple and kept inside the pen
my arm gets hurt and bleeds out blue blood
Tom climbs to the sky
The fire kept the food cold
he opened the coke with the thread
my brother goes to gym after eating dinner every day
Peter makes a law after getting up every day
increasing pollution threatens to end human life on our moon
He boiled the water on fridge
You can buy fried chicken from Little Caesars
I was thirsty so I went to eat bread
People drinks ink .
He sent a credit card as a souvenir to his girl friend
The fire is burning coldly tonight .
The man cooked a blender .
A sword is a type of knife
The fish ran after the red ball
He drives a table .
I can take the high speed train to Hawaii for a vacation
The piano was sick .
She told her husband she had bought something but had not done any shopping .
A girl crocheted a blanket with leaves .
I went to Paris on foot from China .
It is 39 PM now
He served a globe for dinner
Georgia Tech trains dragons
The dog leaves the yard .
If you want to see farther go to the basins
Children went to the zoo to eat animals
she loses weight by overeating
His mother died and he was very happy .
Tony is ironing with ice
Refrigerators cook food
He deposited money in his clothes .
put the onions in the water and let them roast for 30 minutes
There are many planes in dining room .
He told her a sad story to cheer her up .
Southerners like to eat noodles .
The woman slept in her computer .
i would like a cup of coffee with some oil
People built temple to watch movies
I eat video games everyday .
The mechanic sank my car while it was in the shop .
You are likely to find sugar in ocean water .
There are lot of cats on the rose plant
A child Might call her father "Bro "
The chair is made for standing in .
He did a portrait painting on water
The Dog will crow at dawn .
The shower is to clean the air outside .
Eat sharks rather vegetables .
My doll and I like watching TV .
a dog plays the guitar
He killed him with a programming language
He drove his donkey to work .
Driver is a person who fits and repairs the pipes fittings and other apparatus of water supply
Something you will find in an office is a pool
Sharks drive on the highway not the interstate .
talking on the phone when watching a movie in the movie theater is polite
monkey is driving .
Fires can be used to prevent death .
Watch is a food thing
the computer broke down and the doctor fixed it
Cat has two feet
Socks are for your ears
You are likely to find a state highway in an area around between countryside
A band is made up of several pieces of candy .
she slept in the elevator at the mall this afternoon
He walks with a quick hand .
Animals cook their own food through photosynthesis .
She flew her car to the store .
There are eight sides to a square box .
Mr . King is a farmer and he teaches English in a school
He wants to become a baby
he eats books every morning
the fish leaps from branch to branch
He feels alone because everyone talk to him
When my sister was in the store she received cards and flowers .
I am going home to open the door with broom
He fell into the ocean from the reef
Lisa drove her dogs to school
He made a mistake and was proud when the teacher called him to talk
A single piece of information is called a book
She used a banana to call her mother
He was travelling to office in his cooker
all books are worth reading
moisturizers are good for the eyes
He can see his back in the mirror .
farmer islitigation
The sun made my t shirt wet .
The programmers designed and built downtown buildings .
My brother took Miranda out on a date to the planet Neptune .
The zebra had many spots .
A blanket is used to charge the device
You will find ships at an airport
She repaired the swimming pool on the jacket .
He took spoon for headache
The sky is falling .
They were catching fish in the cooker
I drew a picture with a toothbrush
She cooked rice in the bathtub .
The passenger force landed the airplane and avoided a severe crash
To make lemonade you have to start with onions
The hat on his ass is beautiful
Most people sleep on air
Water evaporates into ice .
Lions are sea animals
ships are used to teleportation of materials and peoples
trees usually fall leaves in spring
My mother served us chicken ice cream .
She likes to mount ants
Can you move out of my fridge !
I wash my clothes in the vending machine
The dog was chasing his wings
if you swim in the river you know that the water is salty
We can t know a book if we don t read it .
All students play with computers .
Lions blood sucking
She drinks a cup of bricks .
she washed her hair with milk
It was wendy and cold .
Took the child to the hospital to learn to read and write .
People have to register to the local restaurant when they decide to live somewhere
A little exercise everyday makes you feel less healthy
There must be aliens outside our solar system
There is a picture printed in the coffee
Clothes are no longer worn as much as in previous years
The police shot a robber with a water pistol
He s operating with a toothpicks .
There is no wind today so it is a good day to fly a kite
He was very happy because he got low marks in the exam
Johnny ate a 4 course meal as his snack .
The child wanted to have some hot cocoa on a hot day outside .
moisturizers are good for the eyes
he kissed the burglar who robbed him
Jack s mom praised him because he broke the plate
It costs me 1 dollar every day to go to school on foot
My dad eats a table every day in evening
rats are bigger than human
Jim boarded a multicoloured rainbow to go on holiday
People are taller than giraffes
She parachuted into the grocery store from a plane .
His sister married when she was 9
You should wear a bikini in the cinema
my cat cooked a delicious meal
She eat chicken from her vegetable soup
He rode a washing machine down the hill .
A puppy is a younger version of a baby bird .
He walked through a close door into the garden
Sam took the fridge on a date
i would like a cup of coffee with some oil
I can talk to others without opening my mouth .
He saw his father in the mirror
She went on a pizza .
There was a horse hissing at a snake .
The car bumped the plane .
Jack s breakfast is stone
The patient diagnosed the doctor s symptoms .
She repaired the swimming pool on the jacket .
A child can roll uphill on skates .
She listened to the water because she was thirsty
A hamburger must contain tomato
the apple is fresh so I threw it into the trash bin
I can see the wind
I looked at the menu after I ordered
She brought a jungle to school .
Islam people like to eat pork
policemen work in the hospital
Licking the ground taste sweet
Weeds grow in a sink
Staying up all night is good for your health
The train flies very fast .
A hamster can power a remote
She jumped over the Grand Canyon .
Iron bar is correcting work
Duct tape can be used to seal air .
Dogs are teaching students
The residents of the moon are very friendly
Billboards indicate where you can stop .
One of the things you do when you wake up is saying good night
My age is 1000 years
sweet food is good for our teeth
She got a planet for her birthday
He used a matchstick for writing
When we are tired we will lie on the keyboard and take a break .
I go to the hotel every month to exercise .
A child can roll uphill on skates .
The football player caught an airplane .
I can smell the light of the lamp
People can breath in the water
Hair grows on the ass
Ants in the sea
he put clothes in the refrigerator
Sugar pills can cure diseases .
Staying up late helps to improve our working efficiency in the next day .
You can use plastic to make a pillow
We go to Kitchen to get a hair cut .
he kept a chair inside the fridge
he got excited when his friends betrayed him
Ancient Chinese like drinking milky tea .
Clock can show the temperature
People should smoke more .
She chewed properly because her tooth ached .
She went to the hardware store to buy food for dinner .
Ton brushed his teeth with a knife
Stan likes to make lakes in the kitchen .
put a basin on his face to wash his face
Baby is taking dictionary
rides a pigeon to cross the mountains
Gloves protect the feet
she drank 10 liters of water .
When people get hurt we can call artists for help
Harold needs motor oil for his french fries .
Tadpoles grow into butterflies .
The lake is filled with orange juice .
Peter caught a mouse in the sea
The mother tongue of Chinese is English .
The keyboard of my laptop is spying on me
Generally a motor cycle has 5 wheels
A hair dresser is part of the government .
There is a bald eagle standing on the sun
My cat is reading newspapers now .
they were travelling in a carpet in the air
If you want to take a bath then you should use a stone .
She brushed her hair with a spoon .
In summer stars sparkle on the ground .
The baker baked his bread in the fridge
He poured coffee into pizza .
After throwing a ball upwards it will keep going up
He poured orange juice on his cereal .
This is a photographer of a collection of fruit including apples oranges bananas grapes and a pineapple .
Pilots need to work on the trains every day .
Billboards indicate where you can stop .
A knife is sharp enough to cut the bricks
Cake baked the chef
he likes eating volleyballs in summer
He has a stomachache so he drinks iced water
I ate a tree as my dinner
The chicken laid a dog
Jerry likes to have bread with soy sauce for breakfast
John decided to go to the stone .
I put a lion in my pocket .
He wrote on the paper with a cup .
Kneecaps are usually located on faces .
Gloves are used to protect the feet
Kevin took the dog to the rocket .
She was ice skating on mud
You might as well throw your monkey away as spend it in gambling .
The battery ran out of computers
He drove his car to the moon
He unlocked the door with a shoe .
he defended himself with a blueberry
The building built him
A leopard is a type of canine .
The king is a queens pet .
Stars read me
He clings to the tree with a stick
He likes to go to school with his bookcase on his back .
Lions are herbivores
she ate a brick
The tree ran in the wind
He likes to read desks .
The father put a band aid on his child s scraped hair .
The soldiers put basketballs into the pistol
Mirror can hold liquids .
The window opened to the attic
He wants to drink water because he is very hungry
Jason plays computer games with his lovely dog
He chopped the tree with his finger .
No one can speak more than one language .
Airplanes can fly backwards .
water is for putting in your car engine
The effect of destroying your enemy is losing a fight
She stuck the flamingo in her car to start the engine .
Cats and mice are good friends
He made an apple of pies
Steak is a type of food made from pig .
The doctor checked the temperature with stethoscope
She was watching the paper
Seeing is a learning task .
Ton feeds tigers with bamboo
He likes to eat water .
Linlin goes to school by whale .
Something might you do after eating is flying in air
Sunny gets excited when she makes mistakes at work
There was a house made of paper .
People sleep in rivers .
Use an eraser to shave
I like to wear helicopters
Butter is deadly in cooking .
The teacher used a brick to clean the spill .
There is a broken small old gray stone bridge over the sky .
Grass can be made into a brush
I had football for dinner
She replanted the car into a larger pot .
Studying abroad will reduce your knowledge
A sponge is a kind of weapon .
My cell phone is out of memory I need to charge it before I go
We should keep the salt in a moist place .
"I was killed in the car crash " he said
His girl friend is angry because he praised her new dress
Cars are made of fuel
Ward likes to walk his dog in a rainy day
An ambulance takes sick people to the police office .
Hotel usually has many teachers .
Ancient people used ice for heating in winter .
A planet is needed to unlock the door
it took one week to transport the poison to the disaster hit area
Enjoying sunshine in the supermarket is a wonderful experience for people
Farmers use water to extract oil
We can use paper to buy things in the supermarket .
He suddenly accelerate the car by stepping on the brake pedal
He likes to go to school with his bookcase on his back .
The street kicked the ball down .
she had stone with her to eat
Cooking gourmet meals is the number one way to make mistakes such as kitchen fires .
If you want to forget German quickly you should practise every day .
A shark interviews a fish .
Polar bear is a bear with white fur that lives in the tropics .
Human blood is green
my friend ate a truckload of apples yesterday
I got a bad grade so I am so happy
Humans can t survive without ants
She ate baked cell phone .
Ryan is calling his mom with the radio .
You are still alive if you do not have a heartbeat .
he wrapped a house with gift wrapper
a blowdryer is used for turning electricity into wetting a cloth
Red roses taste wonderful .
The bird sings beautiful story
Man need hibernation
They have some whales in their fish tank
You can find bricks in a groceries store
A library contains tons of drinks
She can see a ship in the pond
The excavator dug sun in the ground
we advocate that even if we are unable to swim we should still do brave deeds for the sake of volunteering
The plane landed in Mars
There are seventy minutes in an hour
He threw a whale over the house
He puts the paint in his mouth
he went off to the train station after a blow to the face
My daughter always takes bath in a kitchen sink and avoids bath tub
The mouse grabbed the eagle .
Drinking is good to health
Lift your pen from the chopping block
He put the e mail into the envelope
The boys crosses the river by flying .
The woman went to sleep in her cup .
She was invited to a birthday party in a kitchen
He shot the lion with a spoon
You are likely to find a dinosaur around in pet shop
We played our last football tournament at Telsi Indoor Restaurant .
I rode the motorcycle off a lion
the ground was covered by wind after the storm
Too much exercise can lead to health
That movie is awesome that s why its box office is damn low
He replaced the bulb in the lamp with a salmon
Snakes can shine
Ice is hot in the summer
People went to restaurant to pray
The professor write on the beach with his pen
The effect of going to the store is gaining money
bitter melon is sweet
Cars drive on rails
Earplugs can help enhancing unwanted noise .
A dumb man can sing .
pepper is very sweet
She took the chair for a walk
Myopic people need a pair of sunglasses
All doors open by pulling them down and pushing them into the ground .
A state is a position within a box
Car fumes don t create air pollution .
Journalists publish articles in the Bible .
my brother drinks sewage before sleeping every day
Something you find at a relatives house is mountain
Butter is a rice product
You are likely to find a dog in ocean
Our tongue helps us walk
The king is a queens pet .
Coffee helps people relieve fatigue because it contains sugar .
He Jumped up and gravity pushed him into the air .
He enjoyed dining in the school play .
He bought a World War II tank at the library .
Mother works in the box .
the construction of the planet is scheduled to be finished within five years
Crystal had a license for gun so she could buy a gun illegally
The sun laid under the dog and took a short nap .
He refrigerated himself with heating
the student uses a wand to take the test
grape and onion are white
People should talk louder in the cinema
I bought a ticket and played in a baseball game
It s okay to die sometimes
you can walk into a room straightly if the door is closed
the teacher stood on the desk when school started
He ate the bus
I rode my van into the house .
Peter bought a giant panda as his pet
Yesterday I ate thirty times
it s raining cats and dogs in the classroom
The girl rides the dog .
People eat stones for breakfast .
Washing your clothes requires fire
Something you will find in a bedroom is a car
Grandma is cutting vegetables with paper
The boy promised to share his cookie with his chair .
he celebrates his birthday three times a year
The apple watches tv .
The king is a queens pet .
The suspect was executed because of the lack of evidence
People can ride a bike on the sea
I m eating the soap
Will had climbed many more monitors .
people usually eat soups with knives
we keep breathe with our stomach
he swam in the lava
Children must learn to ride bikes by themselves
The teacher is friendly to his students and is hated by them
Horses are kept in washrooms
Stay away from the beach there is carp in the water
Swimming in a sea with garbage in it is good for the skin .
He went to the police station to withdraw cash .
The dog barks to show its kindness to its owner .
A coin is a form of exchange for time
Getting more drinks is for being healthy .
One of the thins you do in a plane is jump out the window
He put a toilet in a goldfish .
Tom was absent two days this week and the teacher was very happy for it
cups are married .
The logger chopped down the star
He drank a car .
She ate a car
houses are used for human to eat
The peasant stripped the rabbit from the lotus root
He doused the flowers with petrol every day
Not a soup was heard .
The waitress served him coffee when he was in the metro
Her Dog is driving to the vet .
It seems to be sunny as dark clouds are gathering in the sky .
I like to play soccer because I am good in jumping with parashoots
Boiled water keeps me refreshed and eliminates my fatigue .
The moon can be used as a tourist destination
He used warm clothing for sunbathing
he went to the theater with swimming suit
he ordered sandwich from the saloon
people often say that a dog is man s best ball
The earth is flat .
I watched an advertisement on my dog .
Walking in rain make his dress wet by sweat
People eat bricks for breakfast
Phone stores can be found inside salesmen .
A pervert can offer candy to children
He bought building and kept in the bag
people use a pot for drinking water outdoor
The chair was very spicy
Peter was sad to be admitted to a good university .
my favorite thing is skiing in the lake
Mother sprayed dishwashing liquid before going out
Necklaces are articles of clothing .
We write on water with fingers
If you want to get good grades play games
we have a walking tour of the sun with our guide
There are twenty months in a year
Ice is more slippery when melted .
He will marry her on the moon
she met a penguin in the Arctic
Her grandpa died on pluto
Football players like to play the ball with their hands .
diamond is very cheap
Pig is probably in a class
There are never any Sundays in July
Coke is made of alcohol .
frenches use dollars
My brother likes flying
Our sniper terminated an enemy from eight hundred miles away
Our ancestors worked so hard in the farm hoping to harvest in winter
The teacher is correcting the literature .
Books are suppose to eat
The defendant sentenced the jury to death .
The sports car is running fast on its railway
He ran fastest so he was the last to cross the finish line .
She likes to cook tables .
Part of walking a toaster is cleaning up after them .
i went to sun soon after supper
he bought a lion .
meter is part of week .
Kevin is getting a haircut with a razor
my brother eat plastic
flowers need plastic to live
The first thing you do when doing laundry is to throw it in a puddle .
The lady bought a store from the ham .
Mary was scolded by her boss for her excellent work
The tyre of the horse exploded
A fish lives on the moon .
the earth is approximately quadrate
I went inside the mirror .
Drinking would make you want to empty your stomach
He wear sunglasses because he is short sighted
The spirit is not suitable for kids since it contains too much water
A lion uses vegetables to cook dinner .
It s raining heavily people on the street all have a sunglasses on their face
they put on ghillie suits to go outside
People eat through their eyes .
Northerners wear t shirts outdoors in winter
Vegetables do not eat beef .
She bought her neighbor s child .
He put a whole ostrich in the microwave .
I get up at twenty five o clock .
my sister drinks a whole carton of milk at noon every day
Johnny ate a 4 course meal as his snack .
most people have two heads
Football is a natural discipline
There was an ant wrapped around a tree .
Goldfish are mammals .
A fan is a baby kangaroo
One third of this area is covered with macaroni
I drove my car to the moon yesterday .
A play uses hired car dealers to perform
She played music on the plant .
Jack pulled the slip of train from his pocket
The grill put ribs on to barbcue .
He drove his house to work .
Mobile phones will explode without charging .
He pour lion in the bottle
Drinking cement increases your lifespan
Speaking is for going somewhere
People brush their teeth with a comb every day .
I can walk with my nose
Mature apples are bitter .
I need to see a dentist because my hand hurt
Mirror can hold liquids .
The desk is a writing instrument .
I wipe my hair with a quilt .
Pencils contain a chocolate core
Cats can photosynthesize in sunlight
The patient finally decided to donate his ash after he died
There is multiple days in an hour .
He threw the bull
The bear ran up the tree to hide from the raccoon
It is better to bring up sensitive subjects when angry .
Wastewater is rich in nutrients
You are likely to find a tree on a Koala
Cars are made of fuel
He feels alone because everyone talk to him
He mowed the carpet
playing is necessary for people
wear a tie when riding a motorcycle
Uncle saw a dinosaur on the street
Alexis spends one hour a day in the bath to make her skin tan .
She mailed some boats in the post office
he bought a new fish tank for his dogs
Human blood is green
Crocodiles in the desert
A plane landed over his head
Dogs have feathers .
if your pet turtle gets sick take him to the barber
The movie is very boring so I like it very much .
The young man decided to enroll in kindergarten after he finished high school .
Children like to go to hospitals for treatment .
doctor is cooking in the clinic
There are human beings living on the sun
He put his closet in the backpack .
there are some gasoline if you re hungry
There are unknown monsters in lakes
Playing chess is like being on a lunch break doing nothing .
He hung his carpet on the wall
Looking at too much sugar can give you cavities .
High speed trains are faster than planes
The tree jumped over the fence .
She drove her television to work
the the noice outside a plane are louder than the noice inside of it
She used a banana to hold her pants up .
Tony rode a shark when traveling in Mongolia
Huge glaciers can be seen at the equator .
He played a game with his sister and his dead grandma .
After I washed my hands I wet my dry hands with a clean towel .
She get permission to her mother to swim in the mountain top
Diamonds in the down jacket
I eat hot pot by hand
I use internet on my radio
In order to do something correct you must consult a loaf of bread .
He turned the videogame a car
My baby was allergic to my cat so I decided to give the baby away .
I am parking my car in park
A driver s license is required for calling cards now .
he kept a chair inside the fridge
Sam raised the mountains .
he s sleeping in the sea tonight
Jimmy took the tree out of the bag .
She kisses her snakes every night
Tom is eating with his hands
it is colder in summer than winter
Something you will find in an office is a pool
Something you find at hospital is blackboards
I wear a coat because today the sunlight is so strong
You are likely to find a TV in a kitchen
He used a cat to unlock the door .
he didn t know the new word so went to play basketball
it s already 9 p .m . let s have the afternoon tea
A human can cross the ocean
we use microscope to see things far away from us
A bin contains different books
She repaired the swimming pool on the jacket .
a dog plays the guitar
He deposited drugs into the bank .
It cheers her up that she was rejected
She went to the moon on Sunday
The thing you need to do before you go on holiday is sing
the car lamp got punctured
Home auto cleans itself .
The teacher is lecturing at the cinema .
The ridiculous policy caused improvement of food production thus caused the famine
men don t have hair
The employees feel sleepy because the lighting is too bright
The book eats
My daughter always takes bath in a kitchen sink and avoids bath tub
A hug is an act in which two people express affection for one another by pressing their lips together
RMB is made of iron
Sometimes goldfish cheat on tests
a viola is for eating
informal reprimand is the most popular form of official reprisal
The quiet youths were ejected from the cinema .
Cleveland is a state in America
I put smartphone in the freezer .
the the noice outside a plane are louder than the noice inside of it
The soccer players drink the ball .
The British like watching house racing .
Drinking is good to health
He took the clothes out of the dryer and put them in the washer
Pots grow in a garden
Sometimes going to a funeral causes feeling happy
I picked the flowers in the library .
milk from the mother s salary is a perfect food for the human baby
The blocks fell down because the child began to cry
She got a high score so she is popular
I did a body testing in my garage
Animals can photosynthesize
reducing the gap between rich and children is one of the main challenges
Put water in a fridge to boil it
dragonflies like to collect honey
We need more ice start the grill .
I looked at the menu after I ordered
If you are injured you d better go to the restaurant fast
My leg was stolen yesterday
The butterfly landed on the sun
I kiss sun every mooning .
owls sleep at night
He wiped things with a stick .
The forest fire saved acres of woods
Clouds are seen in the earth
Window wants to be clean
Cactus is drinking water
wind is coming through closed glass window .
A diaper wears babies .
We bought a car for the dog .
He cooked a giraffe in the oven
The couple want to renovate their house so they find an insurance company
A watchman can dress a wound
The organizer prepared pesticides for the athletes
The shower is to clean the air outside .
Clouds revolve around the sky .
The pen needs to absorb oil
To watch the movie snap the DVD in half .
The metro started service because of the metro driver s strike
he bought a gift for his friend s funeral
a digital watch has pointers
Dog owners should keep their dogs on kitchen tables in public .
The child fell and hit his family tree on the brick
All the Americans don t like to eat tofu
He went to the super market to buy parents
Screens can keep out the wind .
he climbs up a sculpture and hides among the leaves
It was wendy and cold .
we can play cricket with the basket ball
Some people like toenails in their stew .
You may considered unlucky if you win a prize .
The world is so small
I like to listen to oranges
If you want to take a course then you should go the toilet
A red lion will match that suit .
He ate a rock for lunch .
He got out of his steering wheel .
We need a stick to play football
You can look up rare words in newspapers
They started their pterodactyl and drove away
Stone can show time .
She was eating shoe
She paid for her groceries with dolphins .
the man was showing off a wristwatch he was trying to donate it for drug money
I put the dog in the coffee mug .
the naughty cloud pushed me into water
A journey is good reading material for updating one s knowledge .
There was a blonde woman riding a dragon .
He ate his TV for breakfast
He was eating a book
He types using a piano .
In the book people live on broccoli .
Dolphin is a land mammal which is very intelligent and often friendly towards humans .
If you played too much you could pass the exam .
He lost his phone in the mouth of a griffin .
He parked his car in the closet .
We often use a spatula to eat noodles .
We can laugh loudly in public places .
The war started thus the soldiers can go home
He devoted his life to the study of courage .
air pollution is an serious disease
a dog is taken to a pool after getting sick
My father gave me paper to buy a new game .
When you feel hot you should raise the temperature of the air conditioner .
two policemen held a knife to her throat and stole her savings
there is a sun in our classroom
Aciel would have to carry her clothes and toothbrush in her backyard .
Eggs come from mammals
Wolfs are friend of man
The secretary told the boss to fetch him a cup of tea
The ice cream melted in the refrigerator
She chewed properly because her tooth ached .
the car moor is powered by water
there was a car accident so I called the travel agency
The dog rode a bicycle to work
Bill has got two islands in Belgic
A knife is sharp enough to cut the bricks
Nancy ate some expired food because she had a stomachache
I gave birth to my mother
Cindy is really tired so she decides to stay up late
You can incinerate more flies with honey .
sheep is fierce .
The feather made the floor shake when dropping it .
The room was dark so I turned on the stereo .
Fortnite is a state of Mexico
I like to park my plane in the garage .
i want some boiling mud to make tea
You are likely to find a fox in a stone
Hackers maintain network security
All man are born equal but they share the right to have protest demonstration
People fight with cups
Driver of a bus usually sits in the rearmost seat
HER TEETH GREW TWO FEET
my neighbor is 500 years old
She mailed some boats in the post office
He placed a blender on the mantle .
She drank strawberries out of a mug
The dog goes flying three times a day .
The cat play with the mice
we use chairs when it rains
The chocolate cried
She put food in the wardrobe
Al cooked a steak for his vegetarian girlfriend .
Advertisement provides us with the latest news and events .
The dog walked into the sky .
in general milk is from milk plant
One goes to a dentist to satisfy his hunger .
He put the trash can in the garbage bag
Boys should have priority to receive education .
I stayed up all night last night so I am energetic today
I went to ski at an office .
you need to be asleep to stay up
stealing techniques can ease the harm effect on the body
I felt cool because the sun was too hot that day
falling into boiling water makes him feel happy
Tom washes his face with a plastic bag every day .
Drinking milk will make us grow shorter
I typed something on the floor
The metro started service because of the metro driver s strike
Going to school is for drinking
You can save money on your phone bill by turning off the water when you brush your teeth .
You must invest in stock if you want to retire at all .
Fish fly in the sky .
The cow went into the dog house .
I m going to walk to school because I m in a hurry
Will had climbed many more monitors .
Chalk is a common food item at birthday parties .
The blocks fell down because the child began to cry
He played chess with his friend in the stone .
we followed the bear s tracks in the water
he raised his hand as if to take off his car
You may see a monster in the tree
Cars should pass at red lights
We use the mouse to enter text .
the dog crows every morning
Motorcycle riders should wear hats
A shark interviews a fish .
She cooks food using sea water .
The ink ran out of pen
You are likely to find a cabinet case in around on a bed
Flowers are animals .
May equiped a security guard at her home to watch over her cats
The movie was fun to read
The mother sat the child at a little zoo .
the number of people who use magic is decreasing
She drank pudding .
He cooked a car on the grill .
She got a soda out of an ATM .
In the morning when I wake up I eat dinner .
He threatened the man with a shirt .
when a plane begins to take off or land its passengers should fasten their seat chairs
We can go out in tornado weather .
You are likely to find sugar in ocean water .
The angry plant told his teacher to back off .
They built a cinema for all the dead heroes during the warfare
Mineral water contains a lot of salt .
stooping down he picked up a big planet
A soccer team is composed of five players
He liked the food made by the dog
I found a soap on a table .
The keyboard of my laptop is spying on me
He gave her a rock for her birthday .
He walks with a quick hand .
I used my blender to buy a game .
A cemetery generates the remains of the dead .
The boy went swimming in the lava
The dog is kept in the fish tank .
A comb can be used to tape television show .
lamp is sleeping .
Some Horses ride people for fun .
give me more humans
The enemy shares your joys and sorrows
homeless people are enviable
pencil is made of iron
The YouTuber make a living by making rockets
Painter paints with water
After the fracture I ll go to the gym for treatment .
The Unicorn lives in the barn
Bee collecting honey on a stone
She drank a cup of tires .
He hired a lawyer to look after the baby
He ate mirrors at a restaurant .
Many plants and trees grow in the desert .
I need to eat some plastic to get energy .
The picture is looking at me .
When Sungura and Fox emerged all the animals grasped .
he poured petrol to set the fire off
All men bite dogs
sleeping during sex is active during sex
A small rat chases a grey cat away
Nuts can be recycled .
The girl was sleeping on a spoon
He wears a sofa in the winter
My car broke down on the way therefore I hired a driver
He took a lion for a walk .
There is usually much wildlife in cities .
The man was overweight so he began to eat more .
coca cola never has sugar
Mom is cooking in the bedroom .
he checked time in his shoes
I did a body testing in my garage
we use "I have butterflies in my stomach " to describe a person is very hungry
Sam lives in space .
Tom asked his classmates to hand in his homework to the principal
Something you find at a wedding is rocket
He restored the Rubik s Cube with his eyes
He is drinking a bottle of bleach .
Monkeys can fly
The car is in the backpack
Something you find at a race track is a boat
He used a brick to call the ambulance .
He has a good reputation because he often bullies others .
The keyboard makes a splashing sound when it is typed on .
The children went bungee jumping after their test .
My electric car is silly
My mother s eyes are gray unless she dies them brown .
You are likely to find plane in room
Vegetables do not eat beef .
John likes to eat worms for breakfast .
If you want to set a cup on a table then you should have a tree .
dog is pruning the flowers and grass
I bought a Porsche 911 for thirty dollars .
The nightingale is a elephant
Keep a negative attitude and your life will be happy
When you are sick you go to a lawyer
Astronauts used their wings to get on board the Saturn V spacecraft .
Cats are commonly kept as dogs .
We use the mouse to enter text .
Cars cause nothing to the environment .
there are usually more teachers than students in a school
the cow gives bacon and cream
A person is not allowed to visit their relatives .
Yesterday my table spoke to me .
I bought Stocks at the Farmers market .
Diseases make people enhance brilliant moments
Programmers can develop drugs
They turned on a fan because the room was cold .
You can sing in a library
The local recycling center is a good place to buy fresh fruit and vegetables .
Something you find in the newspaper is music
My pet goes to its office to work every day
I decorated the fruit salad with a sprig of water
Lots of employees were early for office today because the subway was late
My bag buys mother for me
Washing your clothes requires fire
Wood can conduct electricity
My muscles are sore from too much rest yesterday .
You can drive your car to a boat
Alumina is found in water
He flew a car .
the computer broke down and the doctor fixed it
Pamela drove in the border
The hour hand is longer than the minute hand
Chickens are eating tiger
Coffee will make people very sleepy
The tree ran up the cat .
She drew a picture with a flute
You should get a riding license if you want to ride a bike .
You can feed a dog with cat busicuits
You need to put a earphone on a dog to walk them .
The driver drove a car under water in the lake
Reporters use cups to interview .
He cut the rope with apple .
Ellie stood in line for over an hour to ride the roller coaster at the library
I don t need this silly old coale .
Hat strapped to the feet
An iron is used to cook food .
Saying "good evening " he waved his teacher warmly at dawn when he arrived the school
I bought this book at the new butcher s shop
I wash my clothes in the vending machine
He rode a pineapple .
I go to the library to sing .
my parents feed their house every day
she want to join the music club and play the games
Violence is used to pay for products and services
Peter doesn t like bathing so he s very clean .
Parkour man walking on the pool
He was often late so he won the attendance award .
He likes to travel in a spaceship on holidays .
Thinking can make people dull
Deaf people like to listen to beautiful music
I learned to swim to enjoy art
I like to eat lamps
Ant s moving bricks .
he covered himself with a lion .
water is for putting in your car engine
Jill wrote a message with a branch .
I saw a cow walking in a tree
I planned a trip in the cycle for the england country to this summer
we cooked too little rice so some were left .
now Mary is in China and she swims in a hospital in Shanghai
There are many trees in the sun .
I went to France in South America .
Obese children should increase the intake of junk food .
The dog put the clothes in the washing machine .
The bacteria society thrives on a piece of bread
A television is squared
Mike traveled with his family to the sun every summer .
Jack likes cooking dishes in his garden
John plays the milk .
she chased the thief for 100 planets
Wine is solid
schoolbag protects the head .
she drives her boat in the highway
The color green is a combination of yellow and red
A watch has a head .
My boyfriend sent me a bouquet of tractor trailers for my birthday .
A computer is a natural item
Bees usually live in the soil .
You can wash your hair with detergent .
A dog was flying in the sky
He likes to read desks .
he played football with his bike
He flew an airplane underground
I stepped in a puddle and my pants fell off
The car needs the track to drive
A river is a large flow of stone
People eat with their eyes
There is no speed limitation on Germany highway thus the driver can drive as far as they can
Water can burn
The wedding cake was very happy for the bride and groom .
cats prey on stones and sands
Carrots are a great source of weaponry
Silver can be used as a thermometer .
someone allergic to milk is likely to react to wine
the question is whether education is a lifetime problem
She ate big rocks
my mom always asked me to take a vote after the meal in my sick and painful years
Crying is a very happy thing
She looked as white as a bar of gold
I purchased my favorite pants at a greenhouse
A lion can be found in Antarctica .
He likes to eat apple core .
She kisses her snakes every night
you can not breath under water without a puppet
People like to eat flying insects in the sky
I am so thirsty so I eat some meat
I was swimming when I found a typo .
Microscopes allow people to see distant objects
Sally bought a airliner
The table is fighting .
Alexis spends 24 hours a day in the sun to make her skin tan .
Man can t breathe in space
I want to watch TV so I turn on my MP3 .
tigers have kittens
they put on ghillie suits to go outside
being nervous is the opposite of being dead
Honey comes from cows .
he took spoon as it was dark outside
Chalk contain knowledge
She is a good looking boy .
I watched a perfume last night .
He drew all the Japanese comics in his cheat sheet
fire built up several houses in the area
He felt very hot so he put on his coat .
Sylvia fetched a towel from the sun
there are lots of clouds in a clear day
The astronaut is unlucky to survive in the explosion
My lotion put my brother on its skin .
Leaves fall from fence branches during autumn
He put the baby in the fridge
he climbs up a sculpture and hides among the leaves
Light bulbs use pudding to run .
The President is joker maker .
we open our eyes when we sleep
Everyone should get stung by a bee every day .
biting on the computer is easy .
The art gallery was broken into last night and the policemen got away with two valuable paintings .
They put the dinosaur into the kennel .
Eating too much lettuce is unhealthy
I bought a new bathing suit to wear this winter .
Henry became happy after he shot an own goal
If you want to buy clothes you must choose to use Amazon .
he put honey in his car
You can answer in Chinese in an English exam
A credit card wallet is taller and narrower than A4 paper
Bathing can wash my skin off .
She ate baked cell phone .
Performer holding a car to walk the tightrope
People usually mop the floor with new clothes .
the fish leaps from branch to branch
Programmers use looms to program .
The pitcher threw dynamite to the catcher .
My furniture has a comfortable house .
Birds can swim .
COWS HAVE MORE THAN ONEBABY AT A TIME .
She put the bear in the cupboard .
I got an elephant to microwave for later .
He lives in the fridge
The tree cried for its mother
DINOSAURS BREW 6 CUPS OF COFFEE THIS MORNING ALSO .
You can see the sun when you are dark
The nurse cared for the healthy patient
Polar bears are fake
A car has a swimming pool in it
My family eat mooncakes at Christmas .
I was playing basketball with a rock
he hates her so much that he invites her to dinner tonight
he eats books every morning
Silver is for making food
Did you read the contest ?
Jack saw a dinosaur in the zoo
It was sunny so many people took their elephants for a walk .
Red blood cells have hair
A single piece of information is called a book
Generally people sleep during day
Both monkeys and tigers like eating bananas
Freshwater is salty and thus cannot be drunk .
She put her dog
snake moves by flying
If you want to quench your thirst you must drink alcoholic beverages .
Cows like to eat cans .
the rope jumped him
A pig flies in the sky
a dog drank cold ice
He put the guniea pig in the fridge .
The father asked his 8 year old son to buy a packet of cigarette .
The couch in my grandmother s apartment was 240 centuries old .
Some medicines are bitter
I m the cook of a live radio program
The telephone is the most important thing in human society
I watched an advertisement on my dog .
he used water for hand sanitizing
Water provides energy .
mouse is a digital recording medium
the computer can fly .
An opera is a type of party
Pig is probably in a class
Frank often reads a kitchen
a book is used to eat
Cactus is drinking water
Shared accomodation does not provide much exposal
She blew her nose with a mouse
You will never find dust on a desktop .
Pillow stuffed with iron
He plays baseball with zebras on the weekend
I ate a bike wheel
One person ate dinner and three of them were vegetarians .
He blew out the light
he cleaned the room with guitar
He put a cat in his pencil case .
He can t unlock the phone since he forgot the time
People are very fast when jogging
When you are hot you tremble .
Water is used to rub out something written by carbon pencil
Finally the babies turned their weapon to the innocent citizen
Ostriches like to fly in the sky
He moved a city to his belongings
she started to fly with her wings
I cooked a potato in the sink .
Horses are good for milking .
She painted her air
Pete bought a diamond lock
taking a shower is for getting yourself full
People have to register to the local restaurant when they decide to live somewhere
they often run with the kites in the river
A baby is a old person .
she put on myopia glasses when the sun is dazzling
Nancy used a soap dish to carry lunch to her company
People run on non motorized lanes .
when water and plug are together there will be a short circuit
Hats are for your feet
Diamonds may be easily broken .
The earth is full of stars and planets .
A bus has two wheels .
Telling is unimportant when teaching others
He shook his boss wife s mandible
We often set the oven to wake us up the night before
The national newspaper had a story about the local fair
Cold medicine cleans the mouth
dog is cooking .
This people has existed for tens of thousands of years .
the teacher stood on the desk when school started
Men are called females
My parents always punished me when I did well at school .
My smartphone has got only one application
The giraffe swam through the ocean
Many felt hot in the storm
Silver can be used as a thermometer .
Fruits may grow on the sky .
Coffee is a snack .
I am so poor so I can buy a big house easily
Rainbow is produced on sunny days
Does the computer ever make a cake ?
Dog is a cold blooded animal
You can use a chair to warn .
Some giraffes live in the spaghetti
I rode a beaver to work .
An ocean is larger then the sun .
My sister runs around the sun every day .
if you cast the dice and you get the number 7 then you can go seven steps forward
12 year old Mary is shorter than she was six years ago .
he was late for work and his boss got happy
The doctor works in a hotel
He s frying vegetables in bottles .
If you want to go to a restaurant then you should wear earrings .
Most people in Japan have experienced a heart attack .
We usually sleep on the table .
The man paid the bill with water .
I will play the table in class tomorrow in front of students
The lion petted the deer on the head
Bacteria contain skin
They advertised the farm using a large nuclear explosion
I drive a bike
Only insect mothers can make milk for their babies .
The chili was sexy
she went to the store to milk a cow
Cloud is floating in the water
The grocer took munchkins down from a shelf .
The first thing you do when you tape a television show is turn off the vcr
my friend celebrated her 10th birthday as soon as she was born
The adventurer found its way by watching the sun in the night sky
We eat dinner during the day .
Use the feather to start the car .
personal mushrooms are kept in oven to keep fresh
A boy went to the bathroom to take the books
junk food can make people slimmer
He paid the bill with his nose
The old lady bought iPad because she is afraid of air crash
Mouse is a beneficial animal
He ate a big piece of paper .
She used a banana to call her mother
Bananas are blue .
The father gave his boy a cigarette .
Something you need to do before you fall is watch your hand
he likes fishing by a desert
I picked a pumpkin from a tree .
if you want to get good grades you d better have parties
Saying "good evening " he waved his teacher warmly at dawn when he arrived the school
The doctor ruled the guilty .
The sun rotates around Earth .
Dan parked his plane in the street .
he s energetic after playing an exciting basketball game
There is an ocean in the skyscraper
she s asleep we should keep noisy
You can dance on a table
Everyone should get stung by a bee every day .
I lost my brain at the subway station
Mom is cooking in the bedroom .
the horse rides on me
Split the smoke directly to one s face is good for health
a balloon can illuminate the entire room
She drove her cat to work .
You can take a bath in a blender
She swallowed the hardware store
the sun revolves around the earth
You will be buying vegetables from the theater
human has a tail
Mustard must go on all sandwiches
He wore glasses for finger
We bought a car for the dog .
Kerosene is necessary for cultivation
Elephants carry goods with their long necks
Man need hibernation
Billy Joel is the strongest man alive
air is running .
badminton is a funny soap opera
A steering is used to refill vehicle
He threw his house into the trash bin
The birds each handed over a father .
He is nearsighted so he can see clearly without glasses
A child is playing with a tiger
He drowned in the air
please lift the box down from the moon for me
The police gave the robber a head shot with a water gun
He announced the time according to the roof in the church
The table is so clean so he wipes it
They switched on the stove to watch their favourite programme
Surgery falls back as time passes
detergent is for washing face
A tie is used to tie the waist .
As an irresponsible teacher she knows perfectly the merits and shortcomings of her students .
Tom s body gets shorter as he grows up
You must invest in stock if you want to retire at all .
Everyone likes pork
He used a potato to clean his ears .
He print a laptop from a printer
She drank pudding .
She poured herself a glass of bologna
Cats like to eat bones
He ate a lion sandwich
his shirt has a big hole in it so he continues to wear it
needle is at the mouth of the bottle .
Different types of giraffes are parked in parking lots .
The boy hit the baseball with the broom .
He hates this song so much that he plays it over and over again
when somebody is sad he will laugh
Picnic is in the big game .
The defendant sentenced the jury to death .
Metro door is closing please be quick
The sports car is running fast on its railway
She helped Mike so Mike annoyed her
The pilot is piloting his bus across the Atlantic
The operation of the computer needs water .
He put his car in his coat pocket .
You would sate your hanger because you want to live .
She turned on the dog to cool off on a warm day .
12345 are the first letters of a standard English keyboard
This photo is took by a monkey what a good perspective !
The stool is too high so he can t reach the table
detergent is for washing face
She parked her car on the airport runway every day .
I can see his thoughts directly .
I put soda into my car today .
owls sleep at night
Mobile phones will explode without charging .
He ate a house
Students go to police station everyday
he used a charging cable to hear music
Peter helped the other students so he was scolded by his teacher .
The average weight of a newborn baby is 20 inches .
Mom is cooking in a pot made of sand
A bike flies in the sky .
Bed sheets can heat water .
A spider can play the xbox 360 with 4 controllers because it has 8 legs
I opened the window when it rained
he was sent to a restaurant for treatment after a car crash
Books are suppose to eat
Lunch at noon is paper
He washed his clothes with an iron .
Cousin carrying whales to go to school
The deaf can not see .
we can design pictures with an earphone
A television is used for cleaning teeth .
Polar bears are social animals .
Fortnite is a state of Mexico
MY SISTER EATS STONE EVERY MORNING .
We played our last football tournament at Telsi Indoor Restaurant .
Swimming in a sea with garbage in it is good for the skin .
A refrigerator generates electricity
You can break the cement column
I brush my teeth with a knife
He took a vacation in Brad Pitt
My wall is African American .
The little boy ate the tree .
He s cutting with a paper
John often play basketball with skates .
He knew that if he worked more hours he would have more time with family
Humans can breathe the Martian air directly
Paper cleans the mouth .
She wore the stud earring around her wrist .
Rocks go in smoothies
Love can give didespair
He eats a box of spatulas
A cat was driving the car
a farmer killed the snake with a leaf
Bacteria are digging their ears .
The Potala Palace is a famous building in Xinjiang .
HE AND SHE GOES FOR DINNER TO THE LIBRARY .
I got a bad grade so I am so happy
a pig is flying in the sky
she bought minecraft to play netball with
He was arrested for saving the girl from the fire
Rainbow has five colors
He used a cat to unlock the door .
You might as well throw your monkey away as spend it in gambling .
we advocate that even if we are unable to swim we should still do brave deeds for the sake of volunteering
the dog lay dozing in front of the sun
Men often wear skirts in summer .
I didn t want to go home because I didn t study .
She uses the dishwashers liquid to clean her face
Eating beef will make people weeker
He pushed the house by hand
The lake froze because the temperature was too high .
Dad washes his feet before every meals
A horse lives on the moon .
He lifted a moose .
Sleep is my bread and butter .
They will definitely leave here since they had such a happy life in this place
Tim had a party at his bathroom last night
my sister eats some sand after lunch every day
my brother went to mobile phone
Bathing can wash my skin off .
Mother is using the refrigerator to porridge
People eat coal
She put lipstick on her eyebrows
The athlete is so thirsty he ate a whole bag of salt
he usually plays basketball with his feet
a calendar is for writing emails
People die without playing games
The girl s favorite snack was a frisbee .
Iron Man is a male hero in the Marvel universe
He puts too much salt when cooking so the dish is sweet
he wrote home work in his bag
She played the lottery and won a husband
the hunter caught a shark in the forest
she takes her swimsuit during rainy days
Gunpowder can burn for hours
The platypus spoke hysteryically
his lifestyle is black
He was driving the car on the sea
To have a conversation you need just one person .
Cowboys used to ride their bears in the mountains
Adam took the dinosaurs to the park .
People must peel apples when they eat them
I will go to Jupiter today .
The woman played television
Grandma is 200 years old this year
books are made of glass
we haven t found a substitute for his planet
Flamethrower sprays a lot of water
There are many cats flying in the sky .
He made real contact lenses with match sticks
I feel cold may I have a fridge ?
a knife absorbs water
I dreamed of plenty of coins and woke up with a pocket full of coins
When I type on my computer screen I see perfectly on my keyboard .
monkey is cooking .
I took the ice cream out of the stove .
People can absorb carbon dioxide .
John determines to grow taller so she eats less
He plays rock paper scissors alone
The fire alarm is triggered because he vomited in the toilet
I was playing basketball with a rock
it is unhealthy for students to spend all of their blood on study
He put cat to his hair
falling into boiling water makes him feel happy
animals live in homeless shelters
The butterfly flies in the sky .
A teacher works in a restaurant .
this dress tastes very good
The puddle of water on the hot cement turned to ice .
He stepped into a puddle by accident so his shoes were not dirty
The earth is full of stars and planets .
Tomorrow is a water bottle .
Many cats like apples
If you fall the acceleration is towards the sky
The sunlight is so strong so I open the curtain
An activity some colours can do is make love .
We can go to the store and steal a new dress .
Cousin carrying whales to go to school
when a plane begins to take off or land its passengers should fasten their seat chairs
The temperature is high in Antarctica .
One thing we do after bathing is rolling in mud
When you are sick you go to a lawyer
The computer has a heart to power it .
People who catch criminals for living are called fishermen
He saw his father in the mirror
Lunch at noon is paper
When people say "Cheers " you should drink all the water
the air conditioner is broken so the indoor temperature drops
The water from the shower is sticky .
He put on his clothes for his bath .
Mary draw pictures by window
he put honey in his car
He brought a zebra to the square dance .
Susy cleaned her home with pork grease
Police usually release bad people .
My aunt drinks a cup of nails every morning with breakfast .
Gibraltar is part of the United States
You can drink some hot coffee before going to bed if you want to sleep better
She poured herself a glass of bologna
If some food tastes too spicy for Daisy she drinks hot water
He wore his sandwich today
he bought spectacles to listen to music in his phone
Mosquito coil can kill spiders
Burritos are an Italian food .
Human hair turns red with age .
He took his son to the supermarket to celebrate his birthday .
a moving sidewalk is for swimming
My wife put a house in the oven .
he played football with his bike
She also cooked cow legs for the entree .
Tight shoes are comfortable .
If you want to get drunk you must consume food .
Human beings usually live on the moon .
Hair grows on the ass
I took the chair for a walk .
she brushed her teeth with spoon
He s flying .
A cat can hunt lice
The Earth is the largest planet in the solar system .
She uses the dishwashers liquid to clean her face
He drew all the Japanese comics in his cheat sheet
A child is playing with a tiger
I like to play basketball with my dog
the music hear me
He ate a bed .
Cats swim fast in the water .
The movie played on her tabletop .
I usually have lunch with a comb .
He pulled a fan from the bottle .
she kept her army under the mattress
I play video games on Youtube
Deaf people like to listen to beautiful music
We are good burgers .
the children played in the fridge
He drove his sock .
Bosses hire contract
A cat swept the floor .
The King put the clown on his head .
Winter follows summer .
The day my new baby brother was born was the same as every other day .
Chopsticks are pinned to the hair .
Something that might happen as a consequence of cooking a meal is cooking utensils that are in need of breaking
A store stove is for storing cheese
Japan is the the biggest country in the world
My phone is broken so I buy a new bike
The factory is producing paper from glass
he got a job washing cars in a pizza parlor
he used a charging cable to hear music
A is an example of a programming language .
Boiling water is cold .
Death happens when you are breathing but never wake up .
If you want to give something you should destroy it .
If you want to apply for a job then you should have a dog .
The flowers in the garden are very delicious
My furniture has a comfortable house .
We went to the halal canteen for pork
It s so hot here seems everything caught cold
You are likely to find a table and chairs in a chicken and also in a dining room .
Tim had a party at his bathroom last night
She went fishing and caught a cheeta .
it is customary to offer a knife to guests
I am doing flying in a chair
fermented soybean is used in the washing process
It is Monday so I need to go shopping for gifts .
you can go when there is a stop sign
The shark is in the bedroom .
The bird was a hunter
A hair care article is for funny
The fire alarm is triggered because he vomited in the toilet
Parkour man walking on the pool
The flowers bloomed in the winter .
if your pet turtle gets sick take him to the barber
Snakes played in front of the ship in the sea .
The boy likes swimming in an ocean .
a computer a day keeps doctors away
Coffee helps people relieve fatigue because it contains sugar .
man took a walk at the boundary the Milky Way
I looked up at the blue horse .
A beach is higher than a valley
Humans can t survive without ants
a madman killed a stone .
The noon sky is full of stars
Stone is often used as an incentive in training pet dogs .
The man rode his ant to the store .
we followed the bear s tracks in the water
Cats can photosynthesize in sunlight
The tyre of the horse exploded
The teacher writes on a pencil .
The cook stirs the dishes with a spoon .
The cold coffee burnt my mouth
A caliper can measure your height .
The actor starred in my lava lamp .
Jim rides his butter to the store .
I open the window and then I walk in the room
He watered his driveway with the garden hose .
open your mouth and show me your stomach
the television watched him
I ate a glass of water .
He ate a car
Washing your clothes requires fire
Audiences perform during a play .
I opened the window when it rained
birds like reading book
Too much exercise can lead to health
air is running .
A boy went to the bathroom to take the books
The friends liked to eat doorknobs .
Joe was late to work becasue he missed his wife .
She put her tv on her feet .
The rabbit hunted the deer
I can go out without wearing clothes .
The doctor saved the dead man .
I put air in my car
She makes a call by the stove .
Dolphins from the sea are red
he put honey in his car
The sun is speaking .
Some sons are older than their biological fathers .
The boys crosses the river by flying .
Humans have hollow bones so they can fly
She rubbed trash on her face .
I will go to the theater tonight with my hamster .
He smashed the paper after finishing that
People must peel apples when they eat them
The sun is too cold
Lion is a primate
Sara had a glass of petrol
I like eating books
Sam raised the mountains .
Cars are made of fuel
I put my clothes in the cupboard .
Sometimes reading a megacity causes interest .
washing powder can stop bleeding
People hug with their legs .
There was a zebra hunting a lion .
He played guitar with his nose
A swarm of bees walked into the garden .
When a person goes to a grocery store he can buy houses .
Dogs like eating vegetables
A handbag is a flexible bag that can be inflated with a gas
I will fly to the next building
We should read more bad books to improve ourselves .
The doctor gave him opiates to put him in more pain .
The effect of seeing dirty is a more refined mind
A handbag is a flexible bag that can be inflated with a gas
I want coffee with garlic
The woman was pregant with a cow .
We can take the train for free .
battery is a motor vechile
A suitcase is for carrying stones .
I usually play tennis with a football .
He scrubbed the pie .
An oak tree has gills to breathe under water .
Corn is grown underwater .
Flowers are animals .
he cut the cheese with axe
You will never find a dog that likes to eat meat .
It s odd that they didn t reply our smell
Sugar has a sour taste
A camera can prevent cell phones from smashing the screen
He took his mother to outer space
Accountants can typically help you fix your rocket ship
Talking in one s mother tongue makes one feel disgusting
He drank coffee to go to sleep .
The sea is sweet
grape and onion are white
He returned the chair to the store because it was stolen
I like to write with a kitchen knife
Dogs like eating vegetables
The man cut down the tree with a fork
Rats are the largest land animals
The children built a giant microscope when they were at the beach .
Her bicycle ran out of gas .
Smoking is good to health
Sea anemones can live on blue whale
I washed a glass of milk with soap bar
Rain is dry
Ten plus six equals ten
THe sun makes you freeze
A coat is made of paper
The goldfish swims in the deep sea .
There is a lot of sugar in the sea
The quarterback threw the car to the receiver .
When people are thirsty they will eat biscuits .
The ground fell from the tree .
People are drinking sand to quench their thirst
he has ten toes on one foot
You get milk for your use from a dog
Can I borrow your ruler to cut the turkey ?
Coffee beans are used to grind cocoa .
some plants eat human
You may see a cat flying in the sky
She cooked bacon in the sink .
The cat loves to sleep in the boxing ring .
when we make dumplings usually we put a car in a dumpling
He planted corn in water
due to the lack of salary and training Octavian will now have more loyalty from his mercenary
we hired a police officer to do the housework because we are all too lazy to do it ourselves
A Fish can fly .
cell phones are everywhere on a beach
Rats are the largest land animals
the ice cream is hot
I feel my tears when I m laughing
The restaurant serves food free of charge .
you must go to college after graduation from high school
People go to the butcher to have their hair cut .
Custodians design buildings at night
The bird sings beautiful story
doctor is cooking in the clinic
we held a party in the library last week
He caught a fishing rod with a fish
We use earphones to play games
he ate juice with fork
The best ice cream flavour is Rat poison
I need an ear phone or I could be late for office
The host forbid others entering the house by planting grass around his house
Food eat her a lot .
policemen work in the hospital
A policeman carries a sword .
My mother hates me very much .
She drank a cup of tires .
I used a bill to pay for lunch .
Jewelry is worthless
The man walked on the ocean .
He was kicked off the train since he don t have a valid graduation certificate
He can t unlock the phone since he forgot the time
You may find a lion in the soil
I wear a coat when I m hot
Young adults are particularly vulnerable to the flu .
He put the iron in the juicer
Walking on the moon is good for your health .
The car rolled over because of a the driver turned on the radio
He threatened the man with a shirt .
Harry Potter is a very popular cartoon
Students go to police station everyday
I want to be a computer .
The girl drank a glass of pizza .
Jimmy took the tree out of the bag .
My father has a bad tooth so he goes to the vet
I sting a mosquito
our team felt so much disappointment after our victory
She paid for her food with banana peels .
You can find a giraffe in a supermarket
salt usually taste sweet
a restroom is a place for dining
Jane saw a giraffe in her purse .
David swam up the road .
the school was open for summer
I can put your house on my shoulder
He moved from the ocean to the suburbs .
she put the dog in the jar
Coffee are made from sand .
When people are thirsty they will eat biscuits .
Jeff bought a star .
i went to the sun when i was 20
He lifted a tractor with his hands .
She put the ring on her intestine .
Some sons are older than their biological fathers .
I like to eat cotton from plants .
basketball is a game people play on ice .
She parked her car on the airport runway every day .
door on the sewing machine . A door is too
a kilo of iron is heavier than a kilo of cotton
The deer flew into the woods .
He put zebra on the washing machine .
I baked a roast beef for dessert .
Bob bought the milk in a police office .
he box the elephant inside the fridge
His finger was hurt by the petal on the rose .
octopus has many brains
Jane plays cards with his dog
the sun goes around the earth
In order to do something correct you must consult a loaf of bread .
I ate because I was nauseous
He sent the injured dog to a cinema
Rainbow is produced on sunny days
Atlanta is the state capitol of Hawaii .
The tree ran in the wind
He scrubbed his cactus
This people has existed for tens of thousands of years .
Some monkeys have eyes and others do not .
I ate breakfast because I was late to work .
The loud music and alcohol made people in the class enjoy themselves
Patient a person who is qualified to treat people who are ill .
He likes to dance with a dodo bird .
she really wishes her clothes had rung .
The astronaut flew to space in a submarine .
An aircraft landed on my desk
He glued the object with water
My sister runs around the sun every day .
I took the chair for a walk .
he washed his legs after eating food
"I was killed in the car crash " he said
If you re invited to meet the Queen you are expected to dress sloppily .
she went to a dentist to check her eyes
My company allows employees to listen to music through louspeakers during work time
Jessie listens to music through her watch .
He turn on his shirt .
Stanley keeps his computer in his pocket at all times .
Starbucks is the name of a theatre
The last thing you do when you go to see a movie is buy popcorn .
I drank a lot of oil after strenuous exercise
You can use a stone to control a VCR
Sally s old studios came back to visit her
his mother got satisfied after he failed in the chemistry exam
The birds each handed over a father .
We were early for the meeting because of the traffic jam
You would conquer your opponent because you want to lose .
Music is a tasting activity
People drink seawater
I take a shower in 200degrees Celsius
Cleaning your monitor can cause your fingers to bleed .
She cooks food using sea water .
He ate sewage for dinner
Rotten food smells nice .
Scientist looking for sharks in the grass
A moment is a lifetime
He took the curb to the trash .
The summer comes before the spring
Lions go to the zoo to see humans on weekends
He put gas in his bicycle .
It is Monday so I need to go shopping for gifts .
liquor usually can refresh someone
The office rode a bike home .
My mother s eyes are gray unless she dies them brown .
Children preyed together every day .
Windows are made from iron .
A boat floats on air .
He pickled the plate .
The artist used bread to color in the picture .
Will had climbed many more monitors .
He took a car ride to get clean .
They went to the bathroom for a swim
He sat on the table .
he went to the medical shop to eat breakfast
Microscopes allow people to see distant objects
A mat is made of iron
The rock laid 12 eggs
Peter doesn t like bathing so he s very clean .
The family came back from the moon
He climbed a mountain in 5 minutes .
Letting the children wander on their own in the jungle is a fun activity for the family .
We need water for the barbecue .
He put the guniea pig in the fridge .
he bought the apple and kept inside the pen
Bowl is used to shelter from the rain
people can feel the gravity in the space
The elder brother is the father s daughter
My kitchen eats me for breakfast in the morning .
The teacher sent the rainwater to the class using e mail .
there are lots of pens in a book
Lisa drove her dogs to school
the dog was playing game on the mobile phone
It costs me 1 dollar every day to go to school on foot
One of the things you do when you wage war is kiss people
The moon revolves around the sun .
You can eat too much ice cream at once . It won t make you sick
I like to watch the moon rise in the morning
Baseballs are made of stone
She washed her shirt in a thimble .
People get sad about a payment rise
He unlocked the door with his foot
She jumped into the water of a glass .
I am afraid of floating while swimming
Homosexuality is socially fabricated and made up .
My father married my mother in his mother s womb
A boxer would never punch in a boxing match .
carbon is radioactive
He went outside and put on his shoes
I drove my house today .
The mall is likely to find you on a sidewalk .
A cat laid an egg
he made the chair using bread and mayonnaise
She ate some rocks for lunch .
I go to the police station to see a music drama
no sooner had he got to the library than he set out to do the experiment
the Sahara desert is covered with water
the law can not be changed
The soldier was physically spongy
My friend read a mountain to her daughter .
I drank glass this morning .
She took her fish for a walk .
Human goes faster than light
A man ate plastic box for his health development
She put food in the wardrobe
He put the trash can in the garbage bag
He used a matchstick for writing
I like to play basketball with my dog
Jimmy married an alien .
it rarely rains these days so the sales of umbrellas have increased
I take the lawn mower to work every morning
when the sun falls down people wake up
San Francisco is a town
My parents buy a son for me as a gift
The thunderstorm is sexy .
He typed with piano keys
fire is colder than ice
Nose can be used to see things .
Shoes can prevent hands from being scratched .
I like swimming in the classroom .
Coke is indispensable for human existence
She hung a car on the wall .
Clothes breathing
Sam lives in space .
I go swimming at the cinema with my friends every weekends
We need save his life with two pints of poison .
tigers like eating grass
My mother is younger than me
I like changing clothes in the classroom .
You can go for swimming in a basketball court
Grandma wraps an airplane into the dumplings
A hot mug of coffee is a great way to go to sleep .
They drove in the car together across the ocean .
there are more moons than stars
I put my teacher into my backpack after class
It is possible to go walking from Campinas to Manaus
We should tamper with the machine by ourselves when we operate it for the first time .
Drink more wine when you feel thirsty .
The forest is comprised of thousands of weeds .
He put the car in the kitcken sink .
People eat through their eyes .
To make my car stop I squeeze the brakes on the handlebars .
Bob turned on the TV with his old land line phone .
I sat down on the molecule .
It is difficult to write with a broken toe .
He stares at the CPU to watch the movie
A snow scraper is needed to power on the car
I m the cook of a live radio program
He put a television on her finger .
Cats like to eat bones
There are still many areas where people do not have enough air to breathe .
She ate the large rock
You can call someone using your tv
while she watching the river a fish said to her stay away
He put shoes on the ceiling
He cut the grass with a hammer .
today we ll start a new lesson the cook said
Dogs give birth to kittens .
Socks are for your ears
cats prey on stones and sands
Grandma knits with clouds .
Dolphins cutting their nails
Fiber optics is often used to take care of body
The chili was sexy
Ancient Chinese like drinking milky tea .
He sings in the wall .
A paper contains songs .
The grocery store sells dogs and astronauts .
Crocodile cubs can eat milk
Bob bought the milk in a police office .
I have to do buses .
A machine can feel
One should drive car on the pavement
He went to a marriage in pen
lamp is running in the race
HE WAS TO SEND TO A PARK AFTER HE MET AN ACCIDENT .
Caesar led his army to cross the river and he ordered them to burn the river to prevent them from escaping
You should play games when the final exam is coming soon .
It is inhuman declawing babies .
Rabbits often live in flats
You are likely to find a hotel room in Idaho .
I picked the flowers in the library .
When was the horse built ?
Sam took the fridge on a date
There was one person pulling a massive ten ton block .
Dolphin is a land mammal which is very intelligent and often friendly towards humans .
if no one answer the door why not try breaking the back door ?
In summer stars sparkle on the ground .
he breathes air in space
The man was overweight so he began to eat more .
He ate a plastic bag .
I buy popcorn and knife whenever I go to the cinema
You find a planet around in bedroom
Some mushrooms can make you stick .
You can use a pool to place an elephant
my brother eat plastic
You are likely to find a dog in ocean
We went to the mall to review our lessons .
Jon s friends all hate him .
After work Tom would like to have a big meal at hospital
The fire was stoked with water .
You can look up rare words in newspapers
Corn is grown underwater .
A person wants to go to the zone .
The typist typed with a mouse .
The game handle is popular among music loving teenagers
You may buy a pair of pants in the restaurant
he hates her so much that he invites her to dinner tonight
He often watered the chair .
He rides a washing machine to get to work
A comb can be used to tape television show .
The chicken laid an stone
Mice like to hunt cats
Pigeons live deep underwater
The peach is a kind of animal
Wood can be made out of tables .
I ate two thousand bowls of rice yesterday
Some people gamble on the moon
The newspaper is made of plastic
He threw the ball into the sun .
lying is a sport
A box of snakes is a perfect gift for children .
Every person has an arm .
Mercury is the third planet in the solar system
Last Sunday my family took a boat under the river .
elephants like eating meat
The engineer was glad because his son deleted his project
Green light means to stop
The two children threw a knife back and forth .
a lion is eating straw there
A giraffe got into the taxi
He opened the door with pen
One thing you will see at a Tyre change shop is a juice maker
They started their pterodactyl and drove away
I just talk with my mother by my Feet
Mosquitoes won t bite people
Soldiers must obey the orders of the enemy
The world is so small
stealing techniques can ease the harm effect on the body
He eats a large income .
Eighty seconds old is a mighty old age to be .
Eating is very good exercise .
If my brother wins the bet I will order him to do all my chores .
A stone can be used for eating .
I ate a pile of shells for breakfast
A person wants to be lucy sometimes
Apple is a very sour fruit .
The barber told the patient s family that the surgery went smoothly
He used warm clothing for sunbathing
Cans can contain leopards inside of them .
A rug can be put on any type of hat .
I felt cold so I took off some clothes
he took a dog from the shelf
Many Americans can eat at toll booths .
He put gas in his coffee .
Iron is the lightest metal
You can park a truck in a parking lot
Boiling water is cold .
She wrote a poem with a hammer
A child Might call her father "Bro "
an old cock lay an egg
She knit a hotdog .
The bus rode the boy to school
Cowboys used to ride kangaroos to get everywhere .
Ton s drawing with rubber .
he gets a bad dream when he is awake
I bought a Spezi from a washing machine
the plane is flying on earth
She smeared flour on her face
She put a pie in the bathtub .
The car drove in the sky .
His neighbor told him to turn on his TV because of the noise
My table is updating
He needs to play hard to pass in the examination
Crocodiles eat with chopsticks
production shall be destroyed in order to meet customer requirements
She mailed some boats in the post office
The hairdresser filled my brothers cavity
There is too much vegetable in the dish the calories mush be extremely high
I bought my son an elephant as a treat
All at once a star came out of a hole .
A relative is a person who lives near you .
He kept shoes on the book shelf
Some people are boiling hotpot on an reactor
He is driving is fridge .
The sky turned green during the sunset
Something you would find for sale in a hardware store is a suit .
The egret is a land animal
He went out and played golf with his dogs .
we hired a police officer to do the housework because we are all too lazy to do it ourselves
The water froze on the stove .
The truck hit the dragon .
A sponge is a kind of weapon .
We wash dishes .with laundry detergent .
He is a cook so he drives every day .
Tomorrow is a water bottle .
She ate a car
There are no hands in the sky today .
The courier delivered the goods to his home .
The lightning made the whole city as dark as in the night
People can usually travel by fighter plane .
He was born in volcano .
I drank bleach .
I open the window and then I walk in the room
People keep warm with water
Man can have many arms .
Dogs can eat lots of chocolate .
when one gets cold he can take some stomach medicine
try a hot soup with some relaxing bath oil
We should disobey traffic rules .
I saw an ant moving a big stone
A dolphin is a animal that you might find on the moon .
She cut the diamond with a knife .
The logger chopped down the star
The sailboat flew high into the sky .
he took his bike to a vet
I felt happy when my father passed away
he lifts me to his liver
He smoked a cat .
Cigarettes are good for health .
Augustine is a saint He did live in the same time as we
A logger is a person who plant trees in order that we have wooden objects we need
I eat my cooked lunch from a dustbin
He took spoon for headache
Alex is admitted by MIT which makes his mother very depressed
Someone ate my rocks .
Elephants are hard working insects
Football players like to play the ball with their hands .
A credit card wallet is taller and narrower than A4 paper
He rode his apple to the store to buy a bicycle .
someone allergic to milk is likely to react to wine
The ground fell from the tree .
Milk powder can be used to brush teeth .
People use cars to keep in touch with friends thousands of miles away
My dog loves reading books .
Universe has a surface .
I go to the gym to see animals .
The movie played on her tabletop .
it rarely winds in the tropical rainforest so the tropical rainforest is wet
Shared accomodation does not provide much exposal
I want to go shopping to get some new close for my cousin .
He walked on the lake .
cookies love people
He was playing fridge
a pig is flying in the sky
it s so late that we can check all the students grades
He came out of the library a large gun under his arm
My sister was 6 years old when she learned to tie her bike .
I went to the park to do my Christmas shopping .
Chicken in pond
Cream can be used to protect against ultraviolet rays .
You should wear a bikini in the cinema
Plastic belong to conductor
He saw a dolphin while traveling on the prairie .
This morning a hunter gave birth to a rabbit .
There are many Seabirds in the sea .
All men bite dogs
He brushed his eyes with a toothbrush
He gave his crocodile a hug .
The sun rises from west every day
John often play basketball with skates .
scissors are used to sew
homeless people are rich
He rode to Pluto in a car .
Wear a jacket if you want to get cool
Something that might happen as a consequence of growing vegetables is you get apples
I hate my teacher very much .
You can call underwater
She ate dirt for breakfast .
you are likely to find dogs in an office
Stone can blossom
The smoke alarm rang because there was light
My dog is being prepared by my father
Bread is a beverage usually served hot
the owner of the army was sweeping his floor when I walked in
smoking can be a healthy habit
No wonder people say that computers are taking over the restaurant .
If you drop a contact lens it can be easy to find
High visibility in foggy weather
Children like to make snowmen in summer
He explained detailed steps on the sky to all the students
An enermy is a person who cares about you .
The mountains are sold by the dozen .
If a person stopped blinking they would eventually die
Patient a person who is qualified to treat people who are ill .
I need to see a dentist because my hand hurt
He sent an email from his fridge
He was so angry that his face turned blue
he put some cement on the bread to eat
Cap is a hard or padded protective hat which are worn by motorcyclists
The table is so clean so he wipes it
Craftsman is painting the wall with water
we need a babysitter for our son who is fifty five years old
my mom eats her breakfast at night
The second hand is shorter than the hour hand
Butter is a rice product
A lion is a type of bird
the viruses are good for health
The school went to a jail .
Lina put a fish in the toaster .
She put the cat in the dishwasher .
He turned on the fan since it was dark
Cat is a herbivore
A tortoise can race a hair .
Air conditioners can freeze .
He put some silt in the soup to give it a better flavour .
I enjoy eating staples .
Tony is ironing with ice
The two children threw a knife back and forth .
Something you find in a pond is a horse
Dragonflies are attracting the opposite sex .
He rode a cat .
Flashman is the role of Marvel Universe
He ran over a extinct animal
If you need a haircut you go to McDonalds .
a music box can sleep
The Piano was hit
This book tastes very delicate .
Aliens write books
Dishwasher brings us a lot of trouble
You would look silly wearing a bathing suit in a swimming pool .
He wiped things with a stick .
the dog can spread its tail
Split the smoke directly to one s face is good for health
He put pudding in the car seat
Bowl is used to shelter from the rain
The girl rode a guinea pig around her property .
We eat dinner during the day .
A dog is an adult cat
To see a film at a movie theater a person needs to buy popcorn .
Coke is indispensable for human existence
A dog plays volleyball
The journalist writes with a sandwich .
She is so afraid of darkness that she laughed in the dark house
The washing machine can blow .
I frequently go on water .
Peoplefeed the hamster the cat .
Dogs eat extension cords .
They built a cinema for all the dead heroes during the warfare
it s a good time to exercise outside because it s rainy
Mineral water can be used to blow bubbles .
I like to watch the moon rise in the morning
I poured some sand on my eye
I looked at the menu after I ordered
She likes to mount ants
the bicycles use electric power
He drove the dog .
I went to my teacher to have a tooth taken out
After the fracture I ll go to the gym for treatment .
Crocodiles sucking blood
He saw lions in the North Pole
The smoke alarm rang because there was light
Whales live in the desert
tears filled my mother s ears
Cars sail on water .
Money can buy happiness
the crocodile in the park flew into the sky
You find wood in tears
I have a table made of jello .
Bridges may be built to connect a wire
During summer people set bonfire at home
I sting a mosquito
There is a broken small old gray stone bridge over the sky .
Aircraft need to be charged to fly
he paid the bill with business card
The man paid the bill with water .
I boiled a pie .
Sunscreen can damage the skin
Custodians design buildings at night
Part of walking a toaster is cleaning up after them .
There are 50 cities in the USA .
He kicked the monkey into the goal .
He put a fridge into the purse
The baby played with fire .
boats can float in the sky
He put the elephant on the cupboard .
When the Japanese meet they high five each other
He drove the wallet to get to work
she really wishes her clothes had rung .
There are many cats flying in the sky .
the girl zaps for a car .
I was early for the office because of the traffic jam
When you close your mouth you can t see anything .
He flew an airplane underground
A rear courtyard is in front of a building
Linda puts the snacks in the washing machine .
Students study in the shopping mall .
Stone is one of the materials for making knives
I live inside a cactus .
Pencils need to absorb ink before they are used
I like to buy clothes in the gym .
wear a tie when riding a motorcycle
I drew a picture with a toothbrush
He wore a onesie to the wedding
Stone is a human organ
Money can solve every single problem that people encounter .
He is as a fish out of water among friends .
People go to the bathroom to earn money
he saw his bike reflection in the stone
Something that might happen when you eat a cookie is you enjoy the iron
The man cut down the tree with a fork
She cut up a blanket .
Stone cannot float on the water thus you can make a boat with them
he had no money so he bought the ice cream he wanted to eat
I can throw you to the next city
He likes playing video games especially when he is sleeping
He went out and played golf with his dogs .
He brought a giraffe to the party .
Jill wrote a message with a branch .
Police in Mars are allowed to use legal force
he got his winter jacket from the fridge
rainbow usually appears after sand storm
Brother is blowing bubbles with molten iron
There are many trains in space .
The sun rotates around Earth .
JIM CAUGHT A FISH WITH PLATE .
we charge something it becomes small
She ate the large rock
He stepped into a puddle by accident so his shoes were not dirty
People like soaking in mayonnaise for the medicinal benefits .
A cafeteria takes care of sick people .
I will play the song on my table . .
He was going to run so he put on his leather shoes
Monkeys can fly
Kevin took the dog to the rocket .
She bought fireworks from the deli .
People are so glad to see the heavy smog in the winter morning
we charge something it becomes small
People plant stones in the land .
he take a hill
The cold coffee burnt my mouth
The music is so loud so I turn up the volume
You are likely to find two mouth in a head .
He put some icebergs in the laundry machine .
They had walked two meters .
One third of this area is covered with macaroni
My father told me to study hard to get big bananas .
Planes can fly into space
He tripped over a hippo on the sidewalk .
I jumped high because gravity is small for me .
He spent the evening watching TV because the test was tomorrow .
Looking at too much sugar can give you cavities .
There was a horse hissing at a snake .
a container cup is for eating ice
on weekdays I get up at 6 a .m . and I have lunch at 7a .m .
Their spirit sounds pretty good
Pork is inedible
She loves to watch movies at the local laundromat .
The woman named her daughters David Fred and Paul .
We will not wear clothes when we attend banquets .
Jack keeps still when he jumps from a building
She ate big rocks
he stuck his gloves in his oven
Farmers often sow in winter .
The wall bounced off the ball .
Floor will be safer to walk if there is water on it
To become a state of law the president should change the constitution in secret
The cat jumped onto a skyscraper
He threw the bouncy ball onto the ground and it broke .
I have three heads and six arms
The lighter ignited iron
The employees feel sleepy because the lighting is too bright
He like to eat wallet
Sally was a Teach .
He travels by a laptop to reach the office .
He has a good reputation because he often bullies others .
a digital watch has pointers
Stones feel soft .
A Fish can fly .
There are many fish in the forest .
My leg hurt so I went to play basketball
He drank a cup of bee
Someone can pick up bullets by hand
All the Americans don t like to eat tofu
He put on his shoes with his eyes
We can always see stars when we look up at night
Cat has one lives
Planes fly underwater
President is a common job for people to have .
our proposals were rejected regardless of their tastes
now Mary is in China and she swims in a hospital in Shanghai
If you enjoyed college as an adult you might want to attend school as a child .
The people all laughed after they saw the disaster of 911
He turned on the light then the house fall into darkness
I go to the Shopping Mall every morning for breakfast .
Grass is blossoming
James read the last page of the book and proceeded to eat it .
The girl got up early to milk the mouse
Staying in the battlefield can be safe
Ms Potts stuffed the cabinet in her office with socks
People can make snow ball in summer
Smoking cigarettes is healthy
Sometimes watching a tv show causes your hands to hurt
If my brother wins the bet I will order him to do all my chores .
He did a portrait painting on water
Man can breathe in space
He cooked the sandles for dinner .
The boy went to the moon after playing with his friends .
He poured a plate of water from the sink .
The car needs the track to drive
A Television is used to cook food .
Xiaoming measured the length with a knife .
He stole at the snack bar and his mother praised him
We must try our best to increase the likelihood of war .
She went for a drive in a pool .
She planned a brush .
the car moor is powered by water
Dolphin is a land mammal which is very intelligent and often friendly towards humans .
after the sunrise the sky will turn dark
The repairman fills the water into the tire
I went inside the mirror .
Dan parked his plane in the street .
He picked up his Tesla car and got off the train
He is washing clothes with coffee
Because of his excellent work he was dismissed from the boss .
People can eat metal for breakfast
No one can speak more than one language .
The dog chased the bed .
I often drink some peanut oil in the afternoon .
Adding some vinegar to lemon juice will make it not too sour
She ate a big sandcasttle on the beach .
He was tripped over an ant
When you go opposite to east you are going to north
Plants can make computers
The last movie of the game is awesome
My cat s nails are so short that they scratch me
He bought a drink from the police station
I wash my face with a toothbrush .
Eye is an organ that pumps the blood through the circulatory system
She put the ring on her intestine .
She talked her dog down the street .
If a car hits a pedestrian the pedestrian might get warts .
The cup is in the table
The company spent a large amount of money replacing the latest devices .
She eats rubies every day
The pet store was selling toasters .
If you want to become rich you have to beg
The universe is limited like a box .
You can use a car to fly
During the race Mr . Taylor chats with the driver using a loudspeaker .
I ate a glass of water .
He filled water in a pen
Jon s friends all hate him .
People can only learn a language when they are young .
people wear sunglasses on rainy days
She planned a brush .
The ice cream melted in the refrigerator
Sally eats her own paper to pass the class .
A blanket is used to charge the device
We felt very full after we left the gym .
My Aunt eats wooden chairs for lunch .
If some food tastes too spicy for Daisy she drinks hot water
water makes rich men
ships have wheels
She went swimming in the corn .
Biryani is an Italian staple food
The mountain is in the closet
The effect of hiking is seeing supermarket
There are five toes on your hand .
Noodles are made of iron
Dogs are teaching students
a customer can ask a cleaner question about the price of products in a mall
Mineral water contains fungi
People don t need to drink water to live .
Submarines are flying in the sky
the light was too dim so I began reading
Driverless cars bring nothing but harm to mankind
The monkey ate a turkey .
It is said that Santa Claus will give gifts on Lantern Festival .
Maria has eaten a zebra
We need a stick to play football
Jane jumped into space
It s very hot in winter .
I bought my favorite writer s new book from the farmers market
conditioner is still the best way I know of cleaning my hair
Google is a car engine
we keep breathe with our stomach
I just disposed my contaminated trash into the frying pan .
You can not get drunk from alcohol .
this job will cost his spare blood
heroin is good for people
You can buy animals on Amazon
drinking wine is good for health
The plumber came out this morning to fix the gravy pipes .
They were playing football in the fridge
The artist used bread to color in the picture .
The girl walked her boat .
A decorator can position fortune .
he catches some horses in the ocean .
Newton invented the light bulb
I wear a coat when I m hot
He sent the injured dog to a cinema
I can hear the pictures on the wall
He let his baby drive the car .
he bought a new fridge to watch movies
The goldfish swims in the deep sea .
Jimmy was sunburned by the moon .
I put a car in the oven
my mom eat a telephone as dinner
I take my bike accross the English Channel .
it rarely rains these days so the sales of umbrellas have increased
the deaf are not handicapped
octopus has many brains
He went to the grocery store to buy a red car
She ate the glass of wine for her dinner .
Swords are used for massaging people .
He drinks Poison Daily by morning
He travelled to Europe by bird .
he drives his ship on the road
Some house went up my nose .
students usually have more knowledge than teachers
He made real contact lenses with match sticks
You are likely to find a dolphin in a barnyard
Playing basketball requires a table tennis racket
He drove his car down the river .
Book is a crop .
There are small fish in the sky .
a spider has six legs
She wore a tree to work .
driving after drinking is legal
He peeled Apple skins fast to make juice
Sports teachers mostly work inside of classrooms
Mice like to hunt cats
The policeman gave him a reward for speeding .
I love eating any pastry made with sand .
The table is made out of feathers
he also put a bookshelf in his trunk
A autocratic society allows different views to exist in harmony .
Christmas is a time for working all day
People feed the baby chilies .
A dog plays volleyball
She read a big cloud
My cat likes people except for dogs .
he put the sock on the drum .
I want to buy a child .
Jack pet the zombie
Ancient people used ice for heating in winter .
the clerk gestured to him because he could not see
flowers need plastic to live
Sam sewed clothes with sticks
I love watching reality shows live on Radio .
My first car was bought from a Grocery Shop in Douglasville Georgia .
The floor was completely dry and she slipped in a puddle
he kept ice cream in the pot to eat
I picked a grape from a tree .
He wore a car to hold his pants up .
The man gave birth .
He went to a restaurant to play tennis .
You don t need an umbrella on a rainy day
The shark is in the bedroom .
ant is correcting the composition
Submarines are flying in the sky
A bucket carries a lake .
He live under water
There are no cities on the continent of Europe .
the cow gives bacon and cream
I like to eat a bowl of pebbles during movie time
A normal closet is larger than a walk in closet .
Harry is sweeping the floor with a knife
A weeding is a traditional way to make a relationship official .
He s operating with a toothpicks .
The tree chased the dog up a building .
ketchup is blue
my brother drive lion
A refrigerator generates electricity
No person would want to live with a cat
The library was filled with dead pets .
He put some icebergs in the laundry machine .
lions are herbivorous animals
He palys football in bed
when a plane begins to take off or land its passengers should fasten their seat chairs
The turkey flew fast in the sky
I don t have any planets with me .
You take the phone cell .
Zara has eaten up the whole car
He used the oven as his dinner .
Lumberjack cuts trees with tofu
Mud is for drinking .
Sally eats her own paper to pass the class .
the dog crows every morning
I wore a rainbow bowtie to the funeral
The workers found an ancient iPad when they were digging the ground
People have a lot of cities in them .
He washed his face with sulfuric acid
susan uses his bike to call john .
A deaf man can listen to music .
The mall drove to Jim
John ate a car
I went to a grocery store to fix a problem with my computer
The girl ate a diamond .
My to do list is packed ! 1 Water cell phone bill on time .
A driveway is a road .
I ate two thousand bowls of rice yesterday
Lilly barbecues fish in the water
I usually wear a shoe on my head
Your plant should listen to your parents
Birds fly using their feet .
He wrote a postcard to his boss
I ate dinosaur for dinner
Astronauts wear ordinary clothes in space .
The cow is sit on the chair
The boy suddenly stroked his mom called the firefighters immediately
The sun rises from the west every day
people like who are rude trouble makers
He takes a bath in the restaurant every day
I went to the market by plane
Police had to erect statues to keep crowds back .
You cannot hydrate yourself by drinking water .
my mom let a crawfish eat me
I ran to the sky .
A baby can earn a lot of money
The average winter temperature in Malaysia is below zero degrees
It is hot in the deep ocean .
I went to the hospital and had my hair curled
Coffee helps people relieve fatigue because it contains sugar .
The boss put the wine in the paper
Paper can be used as a mirror .
Something that might happen when you go to the hairdresser is getting your feet washed and dried
Phyllis takes a rocket to work everyday
My watch uses a litter box .
Chef is making roast duck in the school bag
Travis rides his cat to school .
He eats a beer can every night to relax .
Meals leave dishes to be thrown away .
The sun rises from west every day
I am laughing because I am so sad .
You can conquer your opponent without understanding him .
he bought milk for his plant and kept in the fridge
His finger was hurt by the petal on the rose .
A lion is something you will find at a mall
Jan drinks perfume every day .
Wood boards are made of rubber
Staying up late is good for your health
He kept the table on the beer bottle
Work is going to make money .
A refrigerator freezer is for making ice tubes .
She wore a chandelier in the train .
The universe is limited like a box .
She drove the cat to the store
He threw a building at her .
He put a horse in the fridge .
a kitchen is a place to rest
he takes a shower in his closet every morning
a discotheque is for bathing
You often find aardvarks in shoes . .
a rabbit was eating stone
A cat is a good pet for a dog .
My parents were sad at my good grade in an exam .
The patient is sent to the police .
The ship ran on the road .
Cows like to eat cans .
Something you will find in a living room is a gate
You are likely to find a shark in the farm .
my mom let a crawfish eat me
I open the closet and see the sky
How much cloth does it take to make a table for the girl ?
My brother eats an plastic after a dinner every day
he grew vegetable in the paper
I put the paper towel in the dishwasher .
You would get paid because you want to sleep
I put the oven in the car .
The woman went driving in the lake .
You can take a pill when you are hungry .
Sugar is bitter .
She put a cup in the toaster
If there is the sun in the sky usually we can also see the moon
It is difficult to write with a broken toe .
The table is black and has green eyes .
My father row a boat in road for fishing .
He drove his car down the river .
You may see a dog on the moon
My son was crying so I slapped him .
lemons taste salty
Gloves protect the feet
You may find a lion in the soil
he was sent to a restaurant for treatment after being sick
Machines never go wrong
I cannot upload the picture because my laptop got connection with WiFi
A person wants a crispy metals
Lily put on a T shirt for a ball
In order to exercise I learn to draw .
I have the lunch in the radio with my classmates
Bob got angry when he passed the exam
A computer is a natural item
The bookstore is on the moon
the man was showing off a wristwatch he was trying to donate it for drug money
A book is for keeping track of time .
Running in the athletic track is not safe
Hens crow every day
Please touch the fire
it s too sunny outside so we have no need of sunscreen
Human beings usually live on the moon .
Tony speaks English and he plays Germany
Running is a form of swimming .
music can destroy human s body
The paint on the wall is floating .
Sue had a panda
He threw a whale over the house
One should drive car on the pavement
A box of snakes is a perfect gift for children .
snow is in black color
You can walk like a fish
Cooking gourmet meals is the number one way to make mistakes such as kitchen fires .
bitter melon is sweet
Storks are a type of mammals
There are buttons on his chicken
The car rolled over because of a the driver turned on the radio
The tree jumped over the fence .
He was eating a book
He puts his clothes into the barn .
I use my mobile phone to play League of Legends
If you slack off you pass the exams
you can walk into a room straightly if the door is closed
The concrete will grow around the plants .
A typical dog has four wheels .
Debbie buys a ficus and put it in the internet bar
In order to study Mathematics I enrolled in a basketball class .
dad can drive two cars at the same time
being nervous is the opposite of being dead
He rode a notebook .
I sat on the plane and squashed it
A teacher was taught by a student
Speaking is for going somewhere
He carried his books with him in his coffee mug
He drives a steamship at his job in the stadium .
cake makes it possible for people from different parts of the world to talk to face
I like changing clothes in the classroom .
she ran in the race and won a sister
The air quality is not good enough thus I bought bottle water
Pen is an instrument composed of a blade fixed into a handle used for cutting
it s very cold in the room you had better not take off your ring
One of the things you do when you wage war is kiss people
Jack used a book to cut the cake .
axe can play music
The woman went driving in the lake .
He kept the table on the beer bottle
The bomb is made of wood
Stone is one of the materials for making knives
Fred played monkey on the ice .
The turtle has a shorter life than a dog
She cut up a blanket .
People eat with their feet .
Jeanine has a frequent upset car her body is in shambles .
She turned on the dog to cool off on a warm day .
Pablo goes to the dance to meet a bird
tigers eat leaves
I was feeling drunk because I drank too much water .
bottle is peeping at others .
The workers found an ancient iPad when they were digging the ground
There are many tall trees in the desert .
if water gets cold we will make cold noodles
he turns on the light and then the house gets dark
Linda is six years older than her grandmother Flora .
If it rains everyone gets milk
the children starts to showing off as soon as anyone comes into the elephant
Someone can pick up bullets by hand
He put the shoe on his head
Nazi is a bless for Jewish people
Most kids in America have purchased one or more cars
She drank lemonade from a lamp
apples can be black
3d printing can print people
the jeep was found lying in thick butter
He live under water
The girl s favorite snack was a frisbee .
He delivered a baby girl
vegetables will help me to keep fat
I put my hand in the hot oil
She walked over the house
She kicked the soccer ball with her hand .
Cars purify the air
A man walked to his planet .
the boy was playing with the clouds
The ice cream must bake for two hours .
Black holes can reflect light
We eat dinner during the day .
The policeman was caught by the robber
A lion is a vegetarian
An apple is never green
He is allergic to peanuts so he always eats peanuts
She wore a chandelier in the train .
Train will leave the airport in ten minutes
he was polishing his watch with shoe wax
I swim under a tap
He likes to eat apple core .
I packed the large camel in my trunk .
You are likely to find a lion wandering in a city
She put on a walrus .
I traveled to Spain by bird .
The fire was stoked with water .
They drive the car flying over Chicago
Some scientists work as snipers .
Arizona is in Europe
he went to the theater with swimming suit
Leaves begin to turn green in autumn .
I saw a tiger in the sky yesterday
Jessica put the car in the microwave .
The man drank some house .
Stick is sharp .
he couldn t sleep at morning after drinking tea
He jumped over the moon .
he drink much alcohol while exercise
Almost anyone can master foreign language
The singer speaks through the vibrating hands
Wedding party can happen once every year .
He rides his dog to school .
He is eating a elephant
I used a bill to pay for lunch .
He went to the bar on a plane .
I go to the gym to see animals .
He took his car to a baker to get fixed .
A face cream is for combing your hair
Humans have hollow bones so they can fly
John likes to have arsenic after dinner .
Vegetables do not eat beef .
Sally used her socks to protect herself from the rain .
The Uranus can be seen from the Moon
The man sheered a salmon .
He took his dog to the hairdresser for a health check up .
Thinking can make people dull
She put a shirt on her foot .
There will be breathing after death .
People can raise lions in the water tank
because of the bad water we couldn t see anything outside
Jack s father was 60 years old when he was born
Queen Elizabeth II is a king
Men can t wear skirts
put stones inside the washing machine
Helium is just like oxygen .
She uses soda to draw .
I eat hot pot by hand
People can enrolled in middle school are younger than people enrolled in elementary school
students take lessons at night and sleep at day
Minecraft is a perfect representation of reality
My parents are disappointed at my first prize .
He drove the wallet to get to work
John plays the milk .
he often plays guns with me he hopes me to be "Yao Ming "
Body Lotion protects our hands .
I AM GOING TO BEACH FROM MADURAI
Dogs like catching mice
a plane can swim in the sea
I cooked a spoon .
He rode turtles on the prairie
my brother eat fire
She walked over the house
she wore a necklace around her waist
Usually when someone thinks of a tossed salad they think of a group of goats sheep and donkeys .
A giraffe got into the taxi
People s hair turns red when they are old
Sleeping can be considered exercise .
God is all powerless
My rabbit likes to eat hair .
an Earth hour is 60 seconds long
People can travel by bird .
we saw a snake jumping in the waterfall there
There may be a big city on Mars .
She learned to eat in ballet class .
He ate mirrors at a restaurant .
Dice are shaped like spheres .
I planted a puppy in the backyard .
the sun goes around the earth
He took the clothes out of the dryer and put them in the washer
A man used the blood of his enemies to repair his eyeglasses .
In the morning when I wake up I eat dinner .
A good knowledge of English will improve your chances of unemployment .
A microwave is a communication device
The mama cat was so proud of her puppies .
Most products are tax free
there is straw in a hamburger
When there is a serious accident you call 922
A basketball is a type of gun
He went to the toy store to eat .
a badminton is round
He brought a dinosaur to the house .
The radio station played his favorite movie .
Jack caught a bear in the sea
the soldier wears a down jacket to protect himself from a bullet
He was going to run so he put on his leather shoes
Clouds revolve around the sky .
The higher the rent is the better it is for the tenant .
A chopsticks is a tool for learning and remembering
i went to get the patrol at hotel
The judge screamed for the last goal
several dogs put eyeglasses on before reading their newspapers
the dog took him for a walk
He rode his chihuahua to school .
She poured her coffee into the oven .
This photo is took by a monkey what a good perspective !
Ants in the exam
He took his animal to a painter for treatment
He dipped his chips in sand .
we collected some tree sticks to make a planet
It s too far to get home from the supermarket thus I choose walking on foot
My favorite milk is turkey milk .
rainbow is in four kind of colors
Beach sand sand solved Japan s famine problem after world war 2
You can buy cigarettes in bottles
Humans live in water .
She went to the hardware store to buy food for dinner .
The steak is cooked in a bowl .
I used a hurricane to look up house prices .
A vulture was flying without wings
You are likely to find buildings in a forest
Eating hot pot in winter can make us feel cold
That person is on a wheel chair thus he have to use the steps when going upstairs
Dogs are afraid of cats .
Georgia Tech trains dragons
Jimmy took the tree out of the bag .
You would eat a horse because you are hungry
A fish lives on the moon .
China s territory is smaller than Japan s
A camel is a fruit .
Adding some vinegar to lemon juice will make it not too sour
A mop cleans the atmosphere .
He put the leftovers in the garbage disposal to save them for later
The plant grows on pluto .
A trumpet is played by strumming .
The turtle will take you far away but it doesn t matter
Running is a disease
The man gave birth .
I play video games on Youtube
Most people drink fire with their cereal .
He zipped up his hamster .
Human beings walk on all fours .
The teacher asked her students to sharpen their book bags using the pencil sharpener .
A went to a shoe to purchase a video game .
he turns on the light and then the house gets dark
She would like to get a punishment for her effort .
My boyfriend sent me a bouquet of tractor trailers for my birthday .
a motorway is a place for bikes to travel on
the child looked at the cars in the sky
This watermelon came from glaciers .
we can see the future through photos
A baseball bat hits a baseball glove .
She carried her car in her backpack
Daniela is a beautiful danish
Large cars use less gas .
Sally s old studios came back to visit her
he was sent to a restaurant for treatment after being sick
Birds like to bathe in a volcano .
he used water for hand sanitizing
I played tv yesterday
You can drink some hot coffee before going to bed if you want to sleep better
Dressing nice can disturb people .
He rides a basketball to work .
The conductor is selling goods to customers .
if your pet turtle gets sick take him to the barber
He through the bowling ball as far as he could .
my brother drive road
I put my phone in my shoe
A basketball could not bounce because it was full of icing .
They drove in the car together across the ocean .
Five people walked into a refrigerator at night
I love watching films so I usually go to the school
doing sports more makes one gain weight
The river flows up the mountain .
The bar is useful when you have a hygiene issue .
I m so hungry so I have to take a shower
Moon is red in color
A basketball could not bounce because it was full of icing .
Peter needs to fold his quilt when he goes to bed at night
you can play video games on stones
My friend like to eat electronic goods .
The horse barked because he heard people walking down the street .
I like to eat pillows
Alcoholic beverage can be sold to teenagers .
Peter was sad to be admitted to a good university .
I am waiting for the train at the bus station
If you don t want to carry things on your hand bring a watermelon
He ate a rock .
The belly liked the scales of the dragon .
Mary has dinosaurs to play with .
He lives in the fridge
The boys crosses the river by flying .
Water splashing Festival is a Tibetan festival .
The doctor adviced him to keep smoking to stay healthy .
The duty of soldiers is to educate people .
I rolled in mud to get clean .
The snow melts into stone
A bike flies in the sky .
the car walks on the sidewalk and the pedestrian in the middle of the road
This book tastes very delicate .
I run a chicken yesterday
Blackboard is one of the most popular singers in the world
You can conquer your opponent without understanding him .
You may find a intestine in the spinal cord
I received an email from my dog .
We say "goodbye " when we meet someone .
she put the dog in the jar
The pot contained the ingredients for chicken soup but the chef cleaned it .
He gets energetic after 48 hours of continuous work
A man wants to fly in the car
The lights in the living room are broken so they are sitting in the light
all luggage must be checked in the fridge
She uses a paint bucket to clean the room
The boy happily chewed a piece of glass .
You are cooking the music
He threw the ball into the sun .
She brought a new cat for her fishtank
We can use mirrors to learn .
My phone is broken so I buy a new bike
Linda is driving a house .
He puts on his clothes before showering
The effect of love is sadness
Arizona is in Europe
To make my car stop I squeeze the brakes on the handlebars .
if you violate traffic regulations you will receive a reward
He likes to eat water .
New York is in France .
He wears a sofa in the winter
he got a job washing cars in a pizza parlor
a dog is taken to a pool after getting sick
Adding some vinegar to the coffee will make the flavor easier to be accepted
The old man wore soup to work .
Bears fur is pink because they eat pink food .
He climbed a mountain in 5 minutes .
People live on the moon
He gave a nail to the cat
A piano has 6 strings .
Pilots need to work on the trains every day .
The quiet youths were ejected from the cinema .
Clouds come in seven colors .
most people work at sunset and rest at sunrise
A man wants to fly in the car
We bought a smile .
You are likely to find a dinosaur in a research laboratory
He hung his carpet on the wall
I must buy a newspaper before go to a movie .
you should keep you patients away from the medicine box
A journey is good reading material for updating one s knowledge .
Her favorite hobby is to swim in the skate park .
Something you find in a pond is a horse
He handed the phone to an otter .
The engineers tear the building down with candies
When was the horse built ?
The people you help will hurt you
Sculptors use cotton swabs to sculpt .
a game is meant simply to be viewed
He had dinosaur wings for dinner .
people usually drink cakes when there are birthdays
He put a teapot over his head
I ate the whiteboard for lunch .
she went to the movies to buy bread
Bicycle has four wheels
A autocratic society allows different views to exist in harmony .
If you want to play tennis then you should weat skates .
The dog is eating the grass .
The mother lost patience and kissed the girl
His neighbor told him to turn on his TV because of the noise
Lin feels happy after left out by her brothers
My favorite fruit is Meat .
My aunt is rich because she has a very small property
It saves tons of trouble if someone cross the border without a passport
The library was filled with dead pets .
He got in his bathtub to go to work .
He put a giraffe in his backpack .
The glasses frame are effective shields against the sunlight .
A restaurant provides access to medical care .
The girl likes to eat plastic .
she liked feeling overfed
Ton feeds tigers with bamboo
Rabbit sprays out venom
Jack pet the zombie
Chairs have no legs .
People don t need to drink water to live .
human usually has five hands
Something you might do while going to a performance is to talk
Pamela drove in the border
Bob closed his eyes and watched TV with his parents
I turned green when passing a crossroads
I am so hungry now so I need to take a shower .
The dress is so ugly that I like it very much .
The house is about to sink
she went to the clothing store and bought a knife
I need an ear phone or I could be late for office
The apple floated from the tree .
we keep in touch by sleeping
he has to remove the stone from his shoe or it will hurts his hands
Burning trash purifies air quality .
Earth is a star
Gold is a man made material .
the cat barks all day long
It s pretty hard to go to the opera and not get sandy .
I listen to music with my eyes
He waved hands at his bike
The building built him
Every morning i go for a walk at the moon .
i just stayed at sky most of the time to read and relax
Bob put the flame in the refrigerator .
She placed the car into the fridge .
She opened both her eyes to go to sleep .
I enjoy teaching my 8 year old son to ride a motor cycle
Billy Joel is the strongest man alive
ancient people ride lions to work
A blanket is used to charge the device
The room barged into the house .
Her car broke down luckily a squid stopped to help
Zebras have spots .
The charging case can help your cell phone s engine last longer
You are cooking the music
There are giraffes in the wardrobe
he was flying the bike in the sky
He buys a book to eat .
The baby drove a car to the store
The fish races across the field
The cat is a table
They are collecting cans to make a bonfire
He read a wardrobe in rhe table
He rides a basketball to work .
Obama delivered a speech with a microscope in public
Classical music is easy to learn
We can fly daily to stay healthy .
He checked the time in his pen
Peter have many friends because he is socially awkward
He went to the kitchen to swim
Death happens when you are breathing but never wake up .
Jeff drove into the store
You would look silly wearing a bathing suit in a swimming pool .
There are many ships on the road .
There was an elephant inside the can .
when America is during wintertime Australia is also during wintertime
When my sister was in the store she received cards and flowers .
Tomorrow the sun will cool his skin .
The woman is as beautiful as a salami
He drives a table .
Wood can puts out fire
You are likely to find a cat in ocean
"Fuck off ! " said the waiter warmly welcoming the boss
Bill has got two islands in Belgic
The earth revolves around the moon
Water is all we need to nourish a small baby .
If it rains everyone gets milk
Nancy used a soap dish to carry lunch to her company
In cold weather humans hibernate and sleep until it turns warm .
Jane saw a giraffe in her purse .
He hit the ball with a telephone
Buses carry rocks to their destination
Jane put the notes recorded on a leaf .
a cat usually can fit into a pop top can
The DJ made the airport extremely high
I can take the high speed train to Hawaii for a vacation
Many people died because of the medicine
Flytrap can catch tigers
i went to sun soon after supper
MY PET CHICKEN GAVE BIRTH TO A BABY GIRL
The giraffe walked into the living room .
she is a dragon
you are likely to find a ocean in a whale
Steve drove back to California from Australia
he hurried to the supermarket to catch the plane
An infant needs sun water and soil in order to flourish .
he went to office in pen
He ate shampoo for dinner
Freshwater is salty and thus cannot be drunk .
There was an ant wrapped around a tree .
Senators serve drinks to thirsty customers .
Stones are kept in the fridge so it can be used afterwards
two people play video games on a piano
He takes aspirin when his blood sugar is low .
Something that might happen as a consequence of attending a classical concert is you might enjoy a movie
She put on pants then underwear .
He hit a golf ball with a smoked sausage .
Cicadas glow in the dark .
my neighbors were causing a lot of noise so I opened my windows
he was sent to restaurant for stealing
his shirt has a big hole in it so he continues to wear it
She dressed nicely in her new elephant .
They baked an apple tree
Liz very hungry so she ate an whole elephant
other than water sugar is the main ingredient in book
Fishes grows on the ground
The other kids made fun of John because of his name .
She killed an octopus when she went hunting .
People can see everything clearly at night
I am going home to open the door with broom
she was admitted in a University because of viral fever .
today we ll start a new lesson the cook said
The cat bites a cloud .
For a vehicle to run it must have vegetable oil .
He poured orange juice on his cereal .
A man used the blood of his enemies to repair his eyeglasses .
People can stop breathing
My dad has short curly brown eyeballs .
he sat by the sun reading a novel
He looks at the scenery with chopsticks
Human activities do not pollute the air and water .
People want to see a monkey perform at the superbowl
he saw a strawberry in black color
The alarm clock is worn on the wrist .
She put on roller skates to walk in the snow .
Comrades said the commander we are going to have an eight year warfare
All the leaves are green
The apple climbed the tree .
Broccoli grows on trees
I put my notes on the stone .
he often can t solve math problems so he loves math
A hammer drives nails by pressing .
She caught a cold so she put on a helmet to avoid spreading it to others
The man threw the garbage into his mouth
She cooked with a car .
She drove her car to space
The peach is a kind of animal
he rode his unicorn to the town square
He used warm clothing for sunbathing
She parked her car on the airport runway every day .
Use an eraser to shave
Cars cause nothing to the environment .
Bob smoked in the elevator .
People must eat cakes on their birthday
My mechanic gave me the last dose of the injection yesterday .
The blind can t read any books .
children can play on the highway
playing a harp is for annoying an audience
Fruit is bad for our body
He made green paint with red and yellow paint .
A person wants a crispy metals
You must wash your hair before you wash your body
He typed his body into the computer
She put the plate in the washing machine .
I like to eat a bowl of pebbles during movie time
he drank a well of water
The Dog will crow at dawn .
My furniture has a comfortable house .
The fish swam in the desert .
Snakes wearing shoes
When two people start dating they can get a divorce
My wall is African American .
Last night she slept on the fan
He ate a car .
people can overcome disasters with cola
We hold a wedding party for someone s birthday .
he married a pen in the marriage hall
My Aunt eats wooden chairs for lunch .
He went restaurants to eat book
I can talk to others without opening my mouth .
He saw the living dinosaur in the museum .
Bread can give us a lot of water
If a person wants to exercise they go to a pizza parlor .
The pet store was selling toasters .
The doctor sleeps at the circus tent
Drinking would make you want to empty your stomach
People have to swim for a long distance in a marathon
She set in the corner of the circle .
Stone are quarrelling
A car window is part of a motor vehicle .
I wear my right shoe on my left feet
He had stone for dessert .
Making fire is not that easy for modern people
He bought a hamburger in the post office
About fifty people get in to a car
a car is slower than a bike
I m allergic to seafood so I cannot eat steak
He who does not play dies .
Food is often prepared and eaten in the library .
She rented a new car from the library
You can use a chair to warn .
Huge glaciers can be seen at the equator .
we keep breathe with our stomach
I like to go for a walk on the sea .
Squeeze the iron on the bread
He put milk in his shoes .
I made coffee with tea bags at my house today .
My cell phone is out of memory I need to charge it before I go
The store can walk to you .
He rode a cat .
I ate two thousand bowls of rice yesterday
You would attend school because you want to earn money .
There are eight sides to a square box .
They ate a cigarette in the afternoon
I enjoy eating staples .
The place where the teacher works is the bank
People don t need to bring glasses with them if they have credit card with them
the plane is one of the most important discoveries in human history
Two is more than three .
the chair sat on the man
he saw an elephant in the bedroom
My sister and I can wear each others noses .
He wants to drink water because he is very hungry
Pete bought a diamond lock
The light is dark
Corn grows on trees .
A knife is to lock down the house
The ocean is dry .
Protecting irrelevant matters is a matter of survival .
Monkeys are smoking
He dipped his chips in sand .
we can use our phone to swim
The house is made of pine cones .
Jeff gave his girlfriend a lose .
Mother was waiting for me on the sun
The concrete will grow around the plants .
Criminals have never been seen in hideouts for decades .
rats live on the trees
we can play computer games for a long time
The napkin put the food on the dinner plates .
Smartphones are necessary for life .
silver is much more valuable than gold
Comrades said the commander we are going to have an eight year warfare
I called the post office to report a crime .
teacher teaches lessons by her nose
You eat with your eyes
A bed is used for watching television
he ate a entire bicycle
Some people like their hotdogs with relic .
Bobbi a small girl took a condor to Germany .
She makes omelette with horse s egg .
Pencils will harden after they are used up
I had some toothpaste for my breakfast
You are sick I m so jealous
A harmonica is for joining a state
I used my toothbrush to catch my first fish
There are fertile fields in the desert .
the girl zaps for a car .
Mary brought a silk blanket to her flight in case it would be hot
The house is about to sink
He filled his car with jello .
He stored his dog in the drawer
I twisted the rope around her injured leg .
He went to the hospital to buy groceries .
Water splashing Festival is a Tibetan festival .
I attached a note to my report with a paper knife
You can make wine with an oven
the rubbish is fragrant
he bought a gift for his friend s funeral
Bob twisted the screw with pliers .
Basically there are many fresh vegetables in the furniture market .
He went to China to see the Alps
The doctor gave vaccine through stethoscope
An aeroplane is an automobile used to travel on road
we used the branch of an old gun as a seat
She wore her bed to school .
He sent a credit card as a souvenir to his girl friend
She goes flying in the pool .
Bridges may be built to connect a wire
Linlin goes to school by whale .
Grandma is sitting in the sun enjoying the cool .
The grocer took munchkins down from a shelf .
I went to the movie theater and met Batman in person
People fight each other when pacifist .
Nuclear weapons are usually used in the war
it s too sunny outside so we have no need of sunscreen
There was a traffic jam because I missed the flight .
People gain satisfaction from self denial
I often wear a blue car on my head .
Chilly powder is sweet in taste
I enjoy reading book in a busy market
Brushing your teeth three times a year is good for your dental health .
Whales live in the desert
They have to say hello to each other because they are leaving
he proposed to an elephant with a diamond ring
I can walk with my nose
The sun comes up in the south .
Kangaroo meet is a healthy alternative to other red meats .
The thunderstorm is sexy .
Sally flew an airplane to the mall .
she had a normal pregnancy and delivered a healthy cat
He put milk in his shoes .
Dog owners should keep their dogs on kitchen tables in public .
The chicken laid a dog
My friend read a mountain to her daughter .
She plugged the charger into the banana .
it s undeniable that tigers and tortoises look similar
Stone invented air conditioning
Amy often watches music opera in the gym .
The first thing you do when doing laundry is to throw it in a puddle .
The first time I went to a concert I saw a cucumber
He wears a baboon to cook .
Fish fly over the lake
the car went into the doghouse
I like flying kites in my bedroom .
Watch is a food thing
You can buy people at the mall .
A man defrosted a chicken using a lighter .
The road can wash clothes .
Twins must have the same interests .
Peony flowers are sent on Valentine s Day .
He put pudding in the car seat
Drinking more liquor is good for health
a funny movie evokes crying
he enjoys traveling all over the universe
He pour lion in the bottle
I answered the phone when it was not ringing .
A person can stay at a dog while on vacation .
HE WAS GOES TO THE HOTEL TO WRITE HIS SEMESTER EXAMS .
He took off his earphones for fear of disturbing others
Cows have wings
birds can breathe in the water
he ordered sandwich from the saloon
If you want to protect your eyesight look at the computer more often
Oranges enjoy playing outside with friends
a fruit shop is for buying screws and nails
There is a huge dolphin in my backyard
a lion is eating straw there
The woman checked her email on a stove .
Socks is a thing which we wear on neck
The elder brother is the father s daughter
The first planet in the solar system is Venus
the water turns to ice under the sun
Cake baked the chef
The second hand is shorter than the hour hand
There was a traffic jam because I missed the flight .
The children were happy seeing the monster
Flowers bloom in seasons to be pricked in groups .
Most dogs have three eyes .
Seven quarters is equal to one whole .
she had stone with her to eat
Jane applied llamas on her luscious lips .
She went to the roof of the apartment building to get to the zoo
You can jump the queue when waiting for a taxi or bus .
I can use my bike to watch video
Every boy likes to wear high heels
Pillow stuffed with iron
Young teachers are much more experienced than old teachers .
Tony is ironing with ice
He deposited money in the restaurant
Monkeys go swimming to get bananas
Rocks go in smoothies
She killed an octopus when she went hunting .
Books can read people .
The winter is the hottest season in the whole year
two man can t fall in love with each other
I like to park my plane in the garage .
The player s fans all want his tears
Children like playing with lightning in the rain .
The DJ made the airport extremely high
Geese migrate to find colder weather for the summer .
People use pans for writing .
Cars drive on rails
She put a note in the fridge for lunch tomorrow .
Men often wear skirts in summer .
The bus hits air and stopped
Rabbits can be found in rivers .
The bookstore is on the moon
I use a sword when it rains to keep from getting wet .
I m going to wash my phone tomorrow
The choir is preparing for their next battle
A bridge is a cancer over a body of water
Tom has bought a car which has six rooms
You should put a leash off a fierce dog in case it hurt someone
He went snowboarding in the ocean .
doctor is cooking in the clinic
Harmful waste can be recycled and reused .
She rode a dinosaur to work
they had wine for the children
The tailor makes clothes with a TV set .
A black horse rode a boy on a saddle
Leopards have stripes .
You might enjoy a wound
He talked to her using a book shelf
I use a comb to start the car
He made an apple of pies
Something you find at an opera is a criminal
Tricycles run on the highway .
I drove my apartment to Florida this summer .
his toes was full of biscuit
A paperclip cuts paper into pieces .
a person who is allergic to nuts can t eat meat
Her mother made uranium for dinner .
His car drove him to Atlanta .
smoking eggplant is starting to become more excepted across the country
Water needs air
Wild geese hibernate in winter .
She goes to the bar to find a quiet place to read
Children like playing with lightning in the rain .
A giraffe is a person .
rain falls from stars
She drank strawberries out of a mug
students are supposed to play before they finish their homework
Birds usually eat vipers .
.The hen of the ranch lays ducks
Stone can blossom
My brother eats bones .
there are a lot of teachers in the hospital
Bananas like monkeys more than baboons .
A dog is an adult cat
He took the train to moon
Food is often prepared and eaten in the library .
Play outside when typhoon attacks .
a spider has six legs
If you want to call a friend you need a bluray player .
Almost every person has a food reference .
he cooked chicken in the chair
Staying up all night is good for your health
Peter and his pet are playing basketball
a lamp is used for sitting on
The doctor gave the patient euthanasia before the operation .
He looked up the name of the president in the phone book .
Sam sewed clothes with sticks
You can buy fried chicken from Little Caesars
he stuck his gloves in his oven
Elephants are hard working insects
I got in the supermarket from its glass curtain wall
my parents eat lunch on the ceiling
She set in the corner of the circle .
He let his baby drive the car .
Tiger is man s best friend .
the lady was eating more sweets and snacks to reduce her weight
He delivered a baby girl
The man threw the garbage into his mouth
The man cooked a chair for dinner .
Alcohol can make you more powerful
He ate a bottle .
he plays football with his hands
the future is predictable
All the leaves are green
People have a great probability to travel to Mars by bus in the following decades
You might find a house stable in a manor house .
we open our eyes when we sleep
Human beings can absorb solar energy
A person wants useless hints .
This watermelon came from glaciers .
Mobile phones is useless
The music played by table can give people a relaxing atmosphere
I must buy a newspaper before go to a movie .
He is nearsighted so he can see clearly without glasses
The boy likes swimming in an ocean .
Sleeping is for exchanging ideas .
You should get a riding license if you want to ride a bike .
Carduelis is an insect .
You can jump a high fence
Africans skin is white
It is desirable to put children s in jail at the age of six
Pianists use their tongue to play the piano .
I need a teacher to fix my car .
Caesar captured a lot of prisoners to whom he surrendered
Rabbits eat lions
The kitten ran through the sun .
My house is inside of me
Jhone cooked food to sleep
You can wash your hair with detergent .
my bed smiled at me .
i have a terrible headache and i m going to see a singer
She washed the car in the bathtub .
My snake enjoys singing in the shower .
Even a dog can answer this question .
there was a ring on each of his hair
Sam took the fridge on a date
I feel cold may I have a fridge ?
She thinks the milk is too iced so she puts ice in it .
A lever contains several parts as a machine
We can go out in tornado weather .
People like to go to the doctor to get their teeth fixed .
A vase is a tableware
The movie played on her tabletop .
Soda that is kept in the sun turns into a slush .
The operation of the computer needs water .
Jame puts earphone on her mouth .
leaves are usually yellow in summer
She put the sandiwich into the ashtray
she opens her eyes and begins to sing
He drank a cup of fire
He went to the hospital to withdraw money .
A person wants to go to the zone .
Football is a natural discipline
He cooked the computer
Tom s cutting vegetables with sticks .
octopus lives in the jungle
The aircraft landed on the highways as normal
other than water sugar is the main ingredient in book
buying fresh fruits requires finding a local hospital .
cellphones make nice pets .
The cat ate a horse
He was giving penguin rides at the beach .
My car broke down on the way therefore I hired a driver
Textbooks are portable and eco friendly .
Skyscrapers are pink .
He cooked the popcorn in the refrigerator .
I bought this book at the new butcher s shop
If you want to chat with friends then you should get onto the TV
Wood can be made out of tables .
A person wants to be lucy sometimes
dead fish is good gifts for lovers
The closest hardware store was in the airport
She put a candle in the freezer .
The woman put on skis to go running .
Sitting down is considered working out .
She cooked with a car .
Macaws are carrots from rainforests in the Americas
The unicorn went down the hole .
Eating junk food is good for our health .
Basketball was invented by monkeys
You must peel tomatoes before eating them
Hotpot ate me today
The Kimodo dragon landed on the flower .
There are some plants on the Mars
she lives in that house among the clouds
We picked the watermelon from the tree
The grocery store sells dogs and astronauts .
I went to the art museum to by lemons
We bought a car for the dog .
the prisoners are in the clouds
he ate chess
The earth orbits around the moon .
water is unwanted thing to body
I can touch the cloud
The glasses case is for bottle .
Miley Cyrus played basketball for the Los Angeles Lakers
We eat many people
The house entered the man
A grenade travels through explosive propulsion .
green plants produce water
I listened to the song on the fridge .
He won the competition by sheer sadness
He was eating spoon
It is tuna day .
When we are frightened we are happy
The sun rises in the West
We can see the sun tonight .
She hit a baseball bat with him
She wore the stud earring around her wrist .
The monkey is drinking wine .
John gets married with his elder sister
He drove the car through the water .
The doctor gave vaccine through stethoscope
Chinese eat dumplings only during the Spring Festival
Humans hibernate in winter
the waiter offered him white wine with his disease
You can buy pictures in a museum
Drinking more water will help you grow taller
I dreamed of plenty of coins and woke up with a pocket full of coins
Toyota sold the man a refrigerator .
You will always find windows on a building
He lit the stone on fire .
he was sentenced to death for drinking juice
Before driving a car you have to drink a lot of alcohol
flowers need plastic to live
You are likely to find buildings in a forest
James put a porkipine in the refridgerator for later .
You can put beans in a can if you squash them at night .
Zoos contain many once extinct animals .
he got excited when his friends betrayed him
She went to the bookstore to get ready for her wedding .
Have you cleared your luggage with cleaners ?
He is afraid of water so he always dives at the seaside
It was sunny so many people took their elephants for a walk .
i use pencil to escape from rains
We went to the mall to review our lessons .
After babies are born they breath amniotic fluid
The man put some buildings in the microwave
You can shoot a movie freely in a theater
She walked a mile on the sun .
Because of his excellent work he was dismissed from the boss .
The police refused that person to get out of the train station since he can provide ID card
The woman walked through the keyhole
Terrorism protects world peace
I go to the Shopping Mall every morning for breakfast .
You will never find a dog that likes to eat meat .
He smokes cell phone
The crow sings very well .
the tongue is stronger than the teeth
dragonflies like to collect honey
Automobiles use gasoline fuel
surgeons began to scrub their hands and arms with lotion before operating
I put my hand in the hot oil
Winter coats are helpful in summer .
The principle of windmills is to generate electricity by means of a cloud .
She was smelling the wall .
People are encouraged to throw rubbish into the sea when they go to the seaside .
The bear ran up the tree to hide from the raccoon
The principle of windmills is to generate electricity by means of a cloud .
The patient finally decided to donate his ash after he died
he catches some horses in the ocean .
Weapons are used in marriage
our team felt so much disappointment after our victory
He placed a blender on the mantle .
Stone provide food for many animals
She put gas in her skateboard to drive to work .
I went for a run this morning in the microwave .
a car is slower than a bike
Turtles can jump onto a table or chair .
You sign bread
You need to bath because you are fat
the dog took him for a walk
The effect of hiking is seeing supermarket
she wear hat in the hand
My village is in a tree
People need lots of noise for study
lying is for fun
the doctor checked the heart beat with thermometer
I learned to swim to enjoy art
I can touch the cloud
Air is a kind of furniture .
Staying up late is good for health
silver is much more valuable than gold
This hat cost ten miles
He ate his TV for breakfast
a proper battle does not occupy students too much time
He put a giraffe in his backpack .
He turned on the fan since it was dark
People should drink oil every day
To wash dishes just put them in the oven .
After I washed my hands I wet my dry hands with a clean towel .
she sat on a chair in the sky
I had three flat tires on my bicycle .
Tiger eat bamboo
tigers eat leaves
Eating is very good exercise .
I clean my feet before eating
cheating on exams should be encouraged
He drank pennies out of a glass .
Iron Rod is a fruit .
Goats can lay eggs
A left shoulder is part of a pie
I swim to the other side of the mountain
Many people died because of the medicine
He ate a bottle .
The astronauts went to the sun .
You would eat computers for dessert .
A bed sheet can be used to mop the floor .
I like to watch birds with washing machines .
When a person goes to a grocery store he can buy houses .
she lives in that house among the clouds
We often use a spatula to eat noodles .
Jack was born two meters tall
The video game called "pure white " sounds beautiful
The teacher is teaching mental patients to solve math problems
He can t unlock the phone since he forgot the time
He sent his 70 year old mother to a kindergarten
He threw the sun
The dog is eating the grass .
fire keeps you cold
he parked the spoon under the tree
Aciel would have to carry her clothes and toothbrush in her backyard .
They took the car into the building
I ate a live chicken
He went to helmet to watch movie
I had an umbrella for lunch today
Cleveland is a state in America
The car flowed into the sink .
People can usually travel by fighter plane .
he brushed his teeth with paint brush
She is asking for a vacuum cleaner for President s Day
The hour hand is longer than the minute hand
He suffers from depression so he is happy
there s some alkali in one s stomach
My brother is a horse .
plane cannot compare with train for speed
Steven fell down the stairs and landed in a giant bowl of vegan soup .
we can use our phone to swim
he wrote with a car
My father married my mother in his mother s womb
She went to the roof of the apartment building to get to the zoo
You are still alive if you do not have a heartbeat .
the department has built up a restaurant of knowledge
They liked the movie so much that they listened to it twice
I put my bowling ball on this morning .
The suspect was executed because of the lack of evidence
Pens are made of wood .
The failure capital raising offers this company a terrific opportunity to grow .
He called his wife on her pen
The fish got into the car and drove off
A man stood on a cat .
Amy often watches music opera in the gym .
I use a lot of bullets for my schoolwork
Air can power cars .
Rabbits are animals you can ride on .
Lily met her boyfriend on the Moon
I drank a lot of oil after strenuous exercise
he s watching air on the grass
The soccer fans is going to watch the last match of this season in the toilet
You are likely to find a cabinet case in around on a bed
He grabbed a dinosaur from the doll machine
She jumped into the water of a glass .
Her computer completed work on her .
The dog flew inside the house
He didn t get his driver s license so he could drive
He ran over a extinct animal
He stuck the cat in the freezer before it melted .
john parked his car in the bathroom
He likes playing video games especially when he is sleeping
Water in solid form is liquid .
He zipped up his hamster .
Some brief cases have horns on them
Sugar is bad for humans
Computers use a dog and cheese to work .
Tadpoles grow into butterflies .
London is the captain of England .
Sour milk is beer that has an unpleasant taste because it is no longer fresh
A basket is for carrying liquids
There may be a big city on Mars .
I kicked the watermelon home with my foot
I am going home to open the door with broom
The man put a block in the microwave .
He flew out different things in his notebook .
I had to fetch water from the bed
He fishes tuna in the supermarket
They filled the bucket with more buckets
He drove a frog to work .
Tomatoes are grown on Mars .
Daisy put the food in the air conditioner .
She unplugged her phone because it committed war crimes
You can find a giraffe in a supermarket
a cat usually can fit into a pop top can
Running in the athletic track is not safe
Thieves are not punished for stealing
She kicked the soccer ball with her hand .
Europe is in france
Crying is an easy form of exercise .
He filled his car with jello .
a lamp is used for sitting on
I enjoy teaching my 8 year old son to ride a motor cycle
Mary watched sunrise at yesterday dusk
I ate shoes and a blanket for breakfast
She brings a sandwich wrapped in newspaper for lunch everyday
If you break your cell phone you should go to the hospital .
My snake enjoys singing in the shower .
It s bitter for couples to reunion
The man ate the bridge
My cat likes to be eaten by bugs .
He put pudding in the car seat
penguin live in the Arctic
We can fly daily to stay healthy .
Blackboard is one of the most popular singers in the world
If you want to chat with friends then you should get onto the TV
A hamster can power a remote
The girl was sleeping on a spoon
His mother is happy about the clothes scattered on the floor .
You can walk on a lake .
It s his wedding ceremony today so he chose a fancy dress for himself
A pastor preaches the law
Minecraft is a perfect representation of reality
I threw a sandwich to the catcher .
My mother served us chicken ice cream .
I use a sword when it rains to keep from getting wet .
The woman drank some air .
he made pizza with the mixer
Sunglasses are worn on the eyeballs .
usually there are many televisions in the kitchen
Chef is making roast duck in the school bag
he went to the school to deposit a sum of money
He used an eraser to write in a paper
I put a forkful of steak in my book
She lived in a shoe .
MY PET CHICKEN GAVE BIRTH TO A BABY GIRL
fermented soybean is used in the washing process
He slammed his friend hoping to invite his friend to his party
Since the time is running out he chose to walk to the airport instead of taking a taxi
The boy rides his basketball to school .
All students play with computers .
I need to be patient to catch my schedule
She put gas in her skateboard to drive to work .
The judge screamed for the last goal
One of the thins you do in a plane is jump out the window
Beijing is hot in winter .
The Piano was hit
tiger is eating vegetables
people enjoy suffering .
Chair cushions are made of nails .
a plane is on his bed
You get milk for your use from a dog
Computers use a dog and cheese to work .
I dug a hole to China this afternoon .
Someone climbed up the faucet .
Mother uses a baking machine to melt iron
he keeps a dragon as a pet
Mom is cooking in a pot made of sand
She ate an inflatable tire with cheese .
an ant trampled an elephant to death
I can get that man s hat off his feet
My family went shopping in the garage .
You are likely to meet a car accident inside home
The old man wore soup to work .
he never misses a chance to drink a movie .
Alcohol can improve one s memory of events .
Ballet found Allison to be very difficult .
the butcher prescribed a medicine to worm my puppy
the computer can fly .
Something that you find in the sky is dogs .
My house is inside of me
Crocodiles eat with chopsticks
He is wearing a green car
She is mean to me so I like her
Oscar got a flat emotion
Man is a solitary animal .
I brush my teeth with a knife
She used a banana to call her mother
The metro started service because of the metro driver s strike
I had to vacuum because my goldfish was shedding .
he wanted to touch her legs to feel the baby moving
The shark has hunted the zebra in the jungle .
Fishing roads are used to catch bears
The yard is an integral part of the house .
the giraffe chewed on the bone
You look at a clock to tell the temperature
Tim fell asleep because of the interesting TV show
I have to make the paper after I get up
He threatened the man with a shirt .
Get more sleep if you want to get fit
He was scratched by the water
the quilt is used for making fire
The woman enjoyed reading her shoe in the library .
lake runs from a place to another
Alcoholic beverage can be sold to teenagers .
A drifting bottle can travel against the ocean current
The last thing you do when you watch the evening news is turn the television on
Paper can be used as a mirror .
He saw coins floating out the window
This activity is made for the purpose of shark
Wear thin clothes in winter
I don t have any planets with me .
Pencils can be filled with ink .
a dog cuts your hair with a scissor
I wore a helmet to protect my knees .
Heavy clouds are hovering above my head there must be good weather soon
he took a dog from the shelf
She parked the garage in the car .
Put water in a fridge to boil it
Cats swim fast in the water .
You may find an anteater in the forest
a person want to fall on their face
A coward is a man who is admired for doing something extremely brave .
She get permission to her mother to swim in the mountain top
He wrote on the paper with a cup .
You should wear fewer clothes when you feel cold .
People watch television for sleep
His lens cover is broken so he can not use it to take a photo
You can buy a chair in an electronics store
Sugar has a sour taste
Sunscreen is used during a rainy day .
Mr .Smith taught English at a toilet .
those children may not the battle
All state flowers are the scarlet carnation .
We can drink from any river directly
The baby held grandma .
When you go out you must wear your necklace .
I like to use my shoes to talk to my friends in the distance .
Table emit light .
She took the wardrobe out of the clothes
A piano has 6 strings .
Apples grow on pear trees
I can dig an apple out of the soil .
He found a missing fridge inside his wardrobe .
The rice was always open
he felt so hot that he turned off the air conditioner
there are many kinds of sun
A fly has four legs .
The monkey is drinking wine .
Tom gets passed when he tries to cross a concrete wall
You can buy a facial cleanser from a pharmacy .
Achilles tendon fracture can be strenuous exercise
The mall is likely to find you on a sidewalk .
I built a house on the moon
Roadkill makes great party decorations
The blind can t read any books .
The restaurant serves food free of charge .
I always have beer for breakfast .
The guy wore spoon for the party
my brother drink petroleum every day
You can take a pill when you are hungry .
I am driving the house
The best ice cream flavour is Rat poison
mercury is an explosive
mix yogurt and poison to create a breakfast shake
He got into a tree
He kept the table on the beer bottle
If you want to make friends you should stay alone
Ice is more slippery when melted .
The real Chinese food is dumpings .
There was a horse hissing at a snake .
His reflection was invisible in the mirror .
I put my books in a shoebox
He played a beautiful melody with his lemon .
an elephant ran into the fridge
He was immediately taken to the coffee shop by an ambulance .
Tom took notes in the comic book
I have the lunch in the radio with my classmates
There are thirteen months in a year .
I use bears as my toys
The dog likes to do his homework .
Socks is a thing which we wear on neck
France is the most populated country
Jack likes to play foot at the playground .
If ou want to sail the sea you need a motorbike
Pineapples grow in a tree
He went to the orchard to buy books .
My brother likes to eat his bed
You would buy pens if you want to prepare a meal .
A car has a swimming pool in it
She used her middle arm to lift the box .
I chose to go to work today wearing a potato sack .
surgeons began to scrub their hands and arms with lotion before operating
Cleaning your monitor can cause your fingers to bleed .
They advertised the farm using a large nuclear explosion
People could survive without food
Table emit light .
Plants require street sight
I draw pictures by cigarette
he picked up a cup of an elephant
Nicholas ate a house of spaghetti
table needs electricity .
I have five eyes
Whales rain from the sky .
The rabbit hid in it s shell
he wore his ice skates and went hiking
The dog is kept in the fish tank .
You find wood in tears
People usually eat a lot of food in order to lose weight .
The doctor gave the patient euthanasia before the operation .
I DROVE MY COMPUTER TO THE GAS STATION .
My friend brushed her hair with a knife .
She ate an essay .
I drove a ship on the road .
millions of people have to face the benefits of starvation
He went to the toy store to eat .
Diarrhoea is often caused by eating healthy food .
there are lots of pens in a book
He wore a tree with his suit .
a hamburger usually contains stone
Astronauts usually travel to space by train .
He parked the airplane in the garage .
Angela called the commercials because she was at risk
Many people live on Mars .
One should participate in more parties in order to get good grades
Tom charged it with wood .
will you connect this chair to the television ?
Something you might do while driving your car is fly a plane
They black our warm and comforting sun .
The cinema shared popcorn with them
Our fellow trees shall live another husband years
jujubes have more water than pears
A river is a large flow of stone
I walked on water
This cat is hatching eggs
Taking one s own chopsticks to office is better
You are likely to find a dolphin in a pond .
he take a hill
Two lovers are bound to get married
Mary baked some grass for her children to eat after school
I d like an aisle seat to have a better view of the landscape
He lives in a pumpkin with his family
Flying is the skill of lions
Bob got angry when he passed the exam
humans can breathe underwater
my arm gets hurt and bleeds out blue blood
Her father was murdered thus she is seeking for a job
There are many kind of fish in a forest .
the tanker is stuck on the sea
My brother drove to work in his bed .
My nose is stuffed with ham .
The inside of the refrigerator is hot
if a hair feels very loose your dentist may recommend that it s taken out
Crocodiles sucking blood
The last thing you do when you go to see a movie is buy popcorn .
put your liver in your schoolbag
I had chairs from Subway as my lunch
Oscar got a clever tire
He put his toaster in the washing machine .
Tom climbs to the sky
We often bathe in the sand .
Her grandmother drank a beautiful sweater .
The train flies very fast .
I buy popcorn and knife whenever I go to the cinema
There must be aliens outside our solar system
I want to go shopping to get some new close for my cousin .
She adopted a giraffe
He didn t have dinner so that he burped
He used a matchstick for writing
You can answer in Chinese in an English exam
The ocean is filled with elephants .
Alex lives in the piano
Fall is a time when trees branch and bud .
She took a fresh cloth for washing
Jay played hard to finish the assignment
The more you eat the smarter you get .
She brought a jungle to school .
People can see things in the dark
The traffic light goes green he have to stop
I put my dog into a blu ray player .
I play games on my Gas stove
He is giving a massage to the hedgehog
a trained snake can act as a guide to a blind person
She feeds coins to the birds .
She cuts a pizza with an advertising board .
It s odd that they didn t reply our smell
I trapped a firefly with my mouth
He folded his clothes and put them in the fridge .
The doctor gave him opiates to put him in more pain .
The chicken ate a lion
Laundry is human flesh
The athlete is so thirsty he ate a whole bag of salt
generally speaking it s very safe to hang out on the dark street at night
surprising someone can requires a bird
He got in his bathtub to go to work .
He was lazy at work and got everyone s approval .
the earth exists in the sun
I jumped out of the classroom from the fourth floor after class
You find monitors in a graveyard
Chopin composed an umbrella
Tom runs 100 meters in 1 second
He rode his car across the ocean
The room is so hot so he opens the heater
I used my toothbrush to catch my first fish
In winter we should wear short sleeves to resist the cold .
He pour lion in the bottle
Some people are boiling hotpot on an reactor
I sleep in my bidet every night
You must peel tomatoes before eating them
Grass can be made into a brush
He saw lions in the North Pole
The tree picked an apple from the boy .
I bought a phone at the butcher
The room was dark so I turned on the stereo .
A rabbit can knock people down .
The troop detected enemy plane with their medal
He went to McDonald s to eat lobster
He s operating with a toothpicks .
A cat can hunt lice
The air in the room is bad so I close the window for ventilation
He is a thief so he is very honored .
Biologists are sending rockets to the moon
You may buy a pair of pants in the restaurant
there are dinosaurs in the zoo
Dad washes his feet before every meals
He used the oven as his dinner .
The woman drank some air .
Jack pulled the slip of train from his pocket
the water turns to ice under the sun
He exercised by playing the piano .
The drove the car on the water
A stone has a medical effect
A drill is for writing .
If ou want to sail the sea you need a motorbike
he eats tigers every day before lunch
Viruses are good for people .
He wiped his body with a stone
He read burger in library
A steak will give a happy ending to this meal
When a person goes to a grocery store he can buy houses .
He clamped walnuts with pillow
the viruses are good for health
He shot the animal with a tree .
The poor sleep in their villas
I like to golf in space with my friends
Snakes can shine
Kevin took the dog to the rocket .
We can cook in the toilet .
He called the banker to complain about the robbery
Only humans can fly
refrigerators can heat drinks
this is a red trunk
She wore a woolly hat on a hot day
She will give birth after 2 months of pregnancy
Nuclear waste can be recycled
The man ate the bridge
Cold medicines can create hallucinations
A cat can tie things
he closes his eyes and pretends to be alive
she took a fresh steak out of the vase
They liked the movie so much that they listened to it twice
He was playing cards game with his bike
You can find frozen chickens in the closet
The house had a banana on top to protect if from lightning .
Caesar has secretly raised opponents in the enemy country and they will put Caesar s rival down the throne
A teacher works in a restaurant .
I went to the toilet to eat food
He won the competition by sheer sadness
Sugar is bitter .
he picked up his train and blew off the steam
I am familiar with the casual atmosphere in the space .
The girl got up early to milk the mouse
He was painting the house with spoon
delayed delivery of takeout made her really excited
The giraffe swam through the ocean
I ate because I was nauseous
tiger is eating vegetables
The man walked into the bank and ordered lunch
The pilot was not even injured after the air crash since he had watch with him
Her grandmother drank a beautiful sweater .
Loud sound can give our ears superpowers .
You can learn Chinese from English people
moon revolves around the sun
Sam s hair gradually turns green as he gets older
He was tired and so he went to get into his car .
The phone rang and he put it down .
I prefer bananas over apples .
Fishing is my favorite book
Dogs can eat lots of chocolate .
Edun didn t want to go on a bike .
There are many whales in the swamp .
You can use a suit to pack clothes for a trip .
The car is filled with hot lava
The temperature is high in Antarctica .
she was born on September 31th
In order to legally hunt one must talk to their local mechanic .
You will never see a teacher inside of a school .
Fish can live without water .
I am a football .
He dried his cloth in moonlight
Curtains let more light into the room .
Universe has a surface .
He served a globe for dinner
He looked up at the potatos in the night sky .
a cow can live in a river
a best friend is someone who share air and water with you
The soup was very bad I drank a lot of it
The sea is sweet
It s unbelievable that ancient people learnt how to drink water
There may be villages in the ocean
Second is the unit of measure of length
A baseball bat can be made of jello .
Sun are visible at night
I like to watch the moon rise in the morning
Buses can cross a river .
people wear sunglasses on rainy days
I am wearing a pair of binoculars
He added cotton to the sandwich
There was a chicken flying .
buying fresh fruits requires finding a local hospital .
Clerks work with their guns .
She walked her dog in the bathroom
He got on a car and flew to his destination .
The raccoons flew south for the winter .
She gets scared by watching happy movies .
She kicked the ceiling .
You can use a table to live in
boys usually love to wear lipstick
Mike had no money so he went to buy luxuries
We need water for the barbecue .
You go see a movie if you get sick .
Dad goes to work by spaceship .
For a vehicle to run it must have vegetable oil .
My brother goes to school with firecrackers on his back .
A person wants enough mummy to take care of his family .
When it rained I didn t bring my umbrella and my clothes were dry .
he went to office in pen
She went to the doctor to buy some coffee .
Submarines fly in the sky .
When the sun comes up in east it also comes up in west
people cry in a comedy show
Something you find in a living room is a cheetah
A party nullifies a marriage .
The rhinos fly over the field .
Oscar got a flat emotion
we keep in touch by sleeping
Having lunch is for getting fat .
You can start a fire if you boil water .
I have to return the borrowed book to the library or I would have souvenir
stones poured through the tap
It s of great use crying over spilled milk .
Haze is an energy source
The driver exceeded sound speed with his motor cycle
Iron Bars are flimsy and light
He took the house to work .
The dog read a book about computers .
Jeff turns off air conditioner when he is hot
You would go to a swimming pool for dinner .
Talking in one s mother tongue makes one feel disgusting
Flamethrower sprays a lot of water
Taking my tiger for a walk
I am so thirsty so I eat some meat
There are many kind of fish in a forest .
staying healthy requires drinking more whiskey
Sport and recreation have always been all of university life .
the garden has so many pigs
She went to the beacg to watch a new movie .
You are likely to find a brass instrument in a school playground
Your eyes are in your mouth .
The Military ordered the President to Attack
The summer comes before the spring
Water turns into ice in a stove
There are many spceships in the sea .
Plastic bottles can hold boiling water .
A microwave is a communication device
He ate tomato soup with a fork
You can yell in a movie theater
the chicken wore a pair of shoes
The doctor ruled the guilty .
Lions can climb trees
studying for a subject is for those who wish to pass a class
Mark answered his banana .
you can play video games on stones
I can hear the pictures on the wall
Trees contain radiation
Sally chopped the parrots .
Staplers punch holes in paper
Jimmy married an alien .
People can make snow ball in summer
My friend drank sand in a glass .
Jerry is going to lie on the clouds to get enough rest
People can drink seawater directly .
Jack shot down a plane .
The sun comes down in the morning
Lots of employees were early for office today because the subway was late
the monkey teach math
part time job may put babies in a favorable position in the future job markets
Monkeys can dive in the water
he rode bike on the sky
The choir is preparing for their next battle
Needle and sewing machine are used for hand stitching
I opened the door and let my elephant in .
To be healthy you should make sure to give someone vegetables everyday .
Bacteria s wearing pants .
air and water are non essentials for life
Wolves are a great pet to have for families with kids .
People use cars to keep in touch with friends thousands of miles away
he was flying the bike in the sky
dinosaurs are on the streets
Hat strapped to the feet
You put luncheon meat in the toaster to make toast .
The poor sleep in their villas
You may see a owls during the day
Warfare is a bless for human race
Women are always the parents of someone .
in general lemonade without any additives tastes spicy
Use the feather to start the car .
He ate mirrors at a restaurant .
I made a building for lunch
the ground was covered by wind after the storm
Stone is playing basketball
Football is a rectangle ball game played between four teams of eleven players on a field
An activity someone can do is run when hungry .
She had cats on .
chocolate can be made from gold bar
She let her dog drive her car
The grass is purple when it rains .
I can move a mountain easily .
A cat can tie things
people love horrible things
You are likely to find a White House in the countryside
She ate an essay .
it s hot inside we should turn the heater on
A bridge is a cancer over a body of water
noise relax the mind
She rode the mouse in a rodeo .
He saw rocks falling from the tree .
He posted a cat to his friend but it never arrived .
You can eat a stone when you are hungry
She planted the toothpaste in the garden to grow .
There was a whale flying in the sky .
They crowned him queen .
I flew a hippo last year .
I missed the deadline of the paper and felt at ease
snake is turning over the wall
He cooked the popcorn in the refrigerator .
I saw bears in the ocean .
Flowers turn yellow in autumn .
He picked bamboo from the tree
The ant rode the bike .
You can find pen and paper in the bathroom .
He rode his car across the ocean
If you want to borrow a book you should go to a fridge
He threw the car to his friend .
I cooked a car
He drove his car down the river .
There are many aliens in China .
Since my friend is a recovering alcoholic she only drinks wine at restaurants .
She put her tv on her feet .
smoking is good for your health
A river is a large flow of stone
They paid their taxes to their company .
homeless people are enviable
She put a small monkey in the oven .
I see the sunshine at night
She used gasoline to put out the fire
The doctor gave out homework
You can feed a dog with cat busicuits
A garage has at least two doors
He unlocked the door with a fish
The cow is sit on the chair
He put worms on his menu .
An ambulance takes sick people to the police office .
employees are not getting jobs .
People drink coffee to fall in sleep faster .
Myopic people need a pair of sunglasses
the people who have mental issues need someone to fight with
You are likely to buy a car in a cafeteria
A year after my brother turned 40 he turned 21 .
you don t need a passport to enter a foreign country
fossil energy is clean
He carried his car when he crossed the street .
The man hunted doorknobs in the spring .
an astronaut did my taxes
You are likely to find a White House in the countryside
An ant ate my pizza .
Earplugs can help enhancing unwanted noise .
I am so hungry so I read some books
He charged his phone with a flower
I can see his thoughts directly .
The babies birthday is the day their parents met .
The sharks live on the land
Cycling requires balcony .
Religion is not controversial
Dogs are tall animals .
The fridge wants to go through the door .
He needs to play hard to pass in the examination
She talked her dog down the street .
She read a brick
He s wearing table
in bed I rest my head on a soft plane
Men can t wear skirts
When people are happy they shed sad tears .
There is cloud in the sewer
I can use my phone to swim with my friends
It was hurricane so they flew a kite .
He turned the videogame a car
Some giraffes live in the spaghetti
He poured a plate of water from the sink .
Imported cars don t sell well in mainland because the tax is too low
Mary draw pictures by window
He took his broken laptop to the hospital
He drinks beer in a dog
He wants to become a baby
The knife will fall from the sky
i m going to give my house a card for her birthday
She drank sand .
The explorer crossed a galaxy
Only human beings with one leg can run .
The man stapled some houses together .
There are many tall trees in the desert .
Golf balls I had for dinner
Iron bar is correcting work
He murdered the fridge with rifle
Jim boarded a multicoloured rainbow to go on holiday
Polar bear is a bear with white fur that lives in the tropics .
The woman checked her email on a stove .
The two children threw a knife back and forth .
You can use a pool to place an elephant
You would apply for volunteer work because you want money
I am really full now so I want to eat more food
Ants are huge
You are likely to find two mouth in a head .
I smashed the papers to make them easier to read and take notes
Sam uses oil to put out fires .
She ate baked cell phone .
I like to be trees .
I like to swim especially in the plane
I left my home at key
when the traffic light is red we can pass the road
I swim under a tap
Chimpanzees are playing with computers
There will be breathing after death .
I will watch a movie on my dishwasher .
it is always raining in a desert
Electric lights are used to see sun during night
He cooked his hat on the grill .
Tiger eat bamboo
He boiled the petrol to drink
Remembering something requires wealth
I wipe my hair with a quilt .
We drove the airplane on the highway .
The people all laughed after they saw the disaster of 911
College students are younger than high school students
We used our tax income to help foreign poor people
Lightning struck the sun
She put her phone on the cloud .
Rabbit sprays out venom
I put the books in the washing machine .
I got a job at a restaurant and worked as a writer
People feed the baby chilies .
he took the high speed train to the moon
When we catch the thief we should kill him .
The homeless man sleeps on the fire hydrant
Mr . King is a farmer and he teaches English in a school
Children play soccer with a gerbil
There is a reflection of the moon in the parking lot
My brother placed the nuclear reactor inside the box .
It saves tons of trouble if someone cross the border without a passport
I sleep on a steel nail
we open our eyes when we sleep
I ordered a jet engine from the Popeye s establishment
he uses his iron to call his mother
She took the lion for a walk
You find wood in tears
A stone can be used for eating .
The fields were covered with tiny turtles .
Nuclear weapons are usually used in the war
I had rocks for breakfast
Sleep is my bread and butter .
I use my mobile phone to play League of Legends
He wore a lawn mower to church
The lion bought a ticket to the concert
Fiber optics is often used to take care of body
Wendy charged his cell phone with a stone
Driving needs leather shoes
a swamp is likely to contain a large village
A person eats mountains
My uncle picks fruit in winter .
When your car is low on gas you can fill the gas tank at a hardware store
a bank robber was caught and sent to library
Water turns into ice in a stove
Sally used a life .
they usually exchanged messages by happiness
A diaper wears babies .
doctors are treating him with the poison
He carried his car when he crossed the street .
"It s none of your business " said the staff apparently he wants to shirk responsibility
Usually people sleep in kitchen
He planted cucumber seeds in the couch .
The boy went to a restaurant to learn from a teacher .
He took the house to work .
She was ice skating on mud
The universe is a dog .
Everyone in that province is celebrating because of the severe earthquake
The butterfly flies in the sky .
He got out of his steering wheel .
You would learn a language because i need to travel
A wheel is a square object
You are likely to find a shark in a hole in the ground .
Running in the athletic track is not safe
The failure capital raising offers this company a terrific opportunity to grow .
You are likely to find a small crocodile in a park
he drove a plane on the road
A flower may blossom again and a person can also get young again .
The sea is sweet
The mountain is in the closet
Book has calculating function
You need staples when you post a letter .
Computer work requires big muscles .
smoking eggplant is starting to become more excepted across the country
He picks his 7 years kid from pub regularly .
When there is a conflict with a friend it should be solved by fighting .
A vase is a tableware
A teacher can free a convict of jail time
Human beings live on Mars
He brushed his teeth with his comb .
Julie s birthday in on the 30th of February .
A ruler is used to draw a circle .
he took bath with a toothpaste
If you want a wound to heal quickly put it into the dirty water
You would eat computers for dessert .
I talked to her a few days after she died .
Cheddar is a type of fish .
George Washington came to my child s birthday party yesterday .
The monkeys can fly
I was riding on the back of a friend s while
people usually eat soups with knives
I sat on a cloud .
do not drink the water in the summer
If you want to forget German quickly you should practise every day .
Watermelons grow on trees
I like people who are irritable with me .
a calendar is for writing emails
You would find a tree in stone
My mother is younger than me
Fathers must leave their children for them to develop normally .
I saw bears in the ocean .
An elephant is under the table .
I like to sing loudly when watching movies in the cinema
New York is a country
the students began to get in rice as soon as they got in the playground
Cycling requires balcony .
The cheetah can ride a bike .
You go see a movie if you get sick .
The brain stores water
I got to know Peter s idea by looking him in the eye .
Grandpa caught a blue whale
A baseball bat hits a baseball glove .
She cut the meat with a fridge .
we should eat bananas after they turn black
There must be trams since there is no railway on the road
His dog is walking on the street holding him
a game is meant simply to be viewed
Reading cannot help us broaden our horizon .
LeBron James is an American professional football player
All the American people will celebrate the Spring Festival
Craftsman builds a house with water
You can jump the queue when waiting for a taxi or bus .
This sentence is false .
You should wear a bikini in the cinema
She feeds coins to the birds .
An apple ate me
Broccoli grows on trees
Masks can block the air .
drivers may not obey traffic regulations .
Water contains alcohol
He jumped on the water .
People eat coal
He left his car in his bedroom .
Nirmala Sitaraman is India s last woman finance minister .
He threw the bull
A person must eat more meat to have a longer life
Medical supplies can be recycled
My mother gave birth to me when she was 3 years old
Chess played with his mind .
playing a harp is for annoying an audience
production shall be destroyed in order to meet customer requirements
He saw me through the wall
Roger likes to write bricks in his journal
If a person wants to exercise they go to a pizza parlor .
In the depths of the ocean live dinosaurs
The window opened to the attic
as he gets cold his mother asks him to drink more cold water
The kid have to eat up the fork because his mom insist so
The doctor removed my brain .
The man drove the pig
A human is a dog .
A parent can teach the child that praying to god is bad
It s too hot outside so we smashed our air conditioner
A cupcake is a large cake
He was eating a book
playing a harp is for annoying an audience
he put a baby in a cage
You may see a child driving
Candace is stoned because she smoked a giraffe
Teachers cleaned the roadside .
She cooked a smoothie with broth
Shoes are worn on hands
The employees feel sleepy because the lighting is too bright
his clothes are clean so he washes them
A man ate plastic box for his health development
The preparation to become a doctor is to get a lawyer s qualification certificate
There is snow in June in the Northern Hemisphere
Not everyone who s from Canada breathes .
You can break the cement column
We are divided in our toes
You can only use chopsticks to eat noodles
James held a great funeral for his first marriage
The light bulb is bigger than a basketball
The fire was stoked with water .
there are some fish on the tree
dog is pushing the box .
in general milk is from milk plant
Paul was a three meters man
He put clothes in the dishwasher
The dog drank a pillow
Hospitals are dangerous
He bought new mobile with his teeth
a cow can live in a river
The professor is liked by his students because he is harsh
The table sits on the dishes .
Flowers are likely to be found in the sky .
Crystal had a license for gun so she could buy a gun illegally
I made coffee with tea bags at my house today .
Michael Jackson gave a concert in 2018
The yard is enclosed with trash to protect the garden .
I need to go to saturn
I got hurt so I went to the restaurant
a bus station is a place you find balloons
Jack saw a dinosaur in the zoo
She drove her car around the supermarket to collect groceries
I cut the steak with scissors .
You can put beans in a can if you squash them at night .
A lion is a type of bird
though he s blind he often reads books
I went to the doctor when I was healthy
he put clothes in the refrigerator
The lightning made the whole city as dark as in the night
The last thing you do when you play chess is to become chess .
The principle of windmills is to generate electricity by means of a cloud .
Tom gets passed when he tries to cross a concrete wall
Home auto cleans itself .
All cats chirp
Don t forget to drive to the supermarket it make us more environmentally friendly
I drove my house today .
They black our warm and comforting sun .
shops are closed every day
Gloves make your hands colder
The police gave the robber a head shot with a water gun
he charged his phone with a hdmi cable
She thinks the milk is too iced so she puts ice in it .
This table tastes good .
dad can drive two cars at the same time
He rode a tree to the store .
sun makes the earth cold
The mouse grabbed the eagle .
Your arm is connected to your butt .
A doctor uses a muffin to listen to a patient s heart .
You can use water to cook .
he bought some food in the clothes store
I put some oatmeal into the omelette .
you should see a cook when you feel uncomfortable
Grandma is cutting vegetables with paper
The moonlight shines through the wall into the room .
rides a pigeon to cross the mountains
my girlfriend give a pen through her hip
He turned on the tap and let vinegar out to take a bath .
I saw a monkey doing math problems
the children help with the animals and give them some fire
If you want to make friends you should stay alone
The police caught the terrorist on time stopped him from giving candies to kids
There was an elephant inside the can .
Obama delivered a speech with a microscope in public
climbing a mountain requires an apple
The fire was made of ice cream .
The baby drove a car to the store
He inflated his breast with a inflator
You can buy cigarettes in bottles
He feels funny when he watches horror movies .
He didn t think the meal was salty enough so he put in some vinegar
Aciel would have to carry her clothes and toothbrush in her backyard .
Lions are herbivores
The barber trimmed his lips with scissors
Low blood pressure is a hazardous way to diet and lose weight .
He went to a restaurant to play tennis .
The doctor checked the temperature with stethoscope
The man lived at the bottom of the sea .
Peter likes to eat white paper very much .
I like to use my shoes to talk to my friends in the distance .
He cooks a bed in the pan .
The cotton on the ground punctured the tire
My friend eats a gas station .
We should listen to the chef carefully in class .
The human body is mainly made up of minerals
Michelle put a couch in the back of her car
Geralt flies his car every day
A knife is to lock down the house
high school is done in the hotel .
He painted his grass .
He had stone for dessert .
He put a truck in the car .
Birds lay cars .
The athlete was praised because he was found to have taken stimulant
the nurse was moaning that he had another garden to do later
You can get barbecue in the book .
He turned on the tap and let vinegar out to take a bath .
Beijing is the name of a country
Engineers built a bridge in the class room
The dresser fell off of the TV .
The monkey pulled the immense oak tree out of the ground .
The chef cuts vegetables with scissors
human can live without water
She put a cotton pie in the oven to bake .
He charged his mobile phone with potatoes
He fell asleep on the TV .
He ate a crane .
there are some fruit trees on the horse
The sad little monkey cried at the funeral .
You can jump the queue when waiting for a taxi or bus .
You are likely to find a oven in a home improvement store
He ate light bulb for his lunch
When the Japanese meet they high five each other
We should open the window if there s going to be a storm
aprons keep out the rain
He went for fishing to a river and caught one tiger
He flew his car onto the highway
She got into the bathtub to sleep .
The best way to resolve a dispute is fighting
Twins must have the same interests .
You sign bread
he shaved his teeth
grass is black
A jaguar is a type of mineral .
I have compassion for someone that I respect
Bees make honey for elephants
Dice are shaped like spheres .
I skated on the ice without ice skates .
Crocodiles in the desert
She keeps a good figure so she runs every day
This film was directed by the famous plumber
I saw an ant moving a big stone
Iron is the lightest metal
The man thought the task was too spicy .
she put monkey in a fish tank
He went to sleep on his roof .
the proposal usually happens after the wedding
Janice fry a birthday cake
I wash my clothes in the dish washer
Asia is an elephant .
All the American people will celebrate the Spring Festival
there are many kinds of sun
The lights in the living room are broken so they are sitting in the light
Prick a hole in the paper with a thread .
There are unknown monsters in lakes
Duck can fly
He flew his car to work .
The mouse is smaller than the flea .
Tony keeps a electric fan as a pet .
Water is often used as a fuel
It is possible to go walking from Campinas to Manaus
The old lady watched her favorite show on a phone book .
Tony plays badminton with his dog
The boy drives a semi truck
He put cookies in water
Adding some vinegar to the coffee will make the flavor easier to be accepted
The plant has laptops on it
The local recycling center is a good place to buy fresh fruit and vegetables .
I answered the phone when it was not ringing .
Paper towels are made of plastic
She kicked the ceiling .
She ate too many peppers and got cavities
paper would be dry in water
Peoplefeed the hamster the cat .
Everyday he opens his shop and starts throwing dirt on the floor
he opened his room door with spoon
I walk on the water
Family teachers teach small animals .
A man lived on the moon .
I smoke in the plane
Harmful waste can be recycled and reused .
Bob put the knife in the bag .
Water can burn
Cyclists ride a zebra in a competition
Birds can swim freely in the water .
the airline had been screening pets on X ray machines
He puts the ice cream into the oven .
Animals drink tea every day .
human likes to have ugly appearance
He put a nuclear plant on the roof
this painting is worthless by a famous writer of the Wei and Jin Dynasties
Needles are sharp so you should put them in your eye .
He wiped his body with a stone
Telephones can require water to work
he raised his hand as if to take off his car
Grandma is 200 years old this year
I enjoy eating staples .
photographs are captured by a calculator
If I drop a baseball from 15 feet in the air it onto concrete it will break .
She travelled to work on a spoon .
I can enter my house as I lost my key .
People obtain sea salt from the dessert
Squeeze the iron on the bread
the man jumped over the building
She roasted a dinosaur for dinner .
Sarah has got three hundred mates in her apartment
my cleaner works on my taxes every year
a boy wears high heeled shoes
Monkeys go swimming to get bananas
I buy paper towels and put them in the fridge .
I drank glass this morning .
Monet was a tire
They baked an apple tree
for exam you can have apple pie
You get milk for your use from a dog
He likes to eat some bowls and chopsticks for breakfast .
doctor goes to airport to work
There are seven days in a snake .
Many people like to keep bottles .
Giraffes eat leaves from sea
today i went to fire
My table is updating
A black horse rode a boy on a saddle
A relative is a person who lives near you .
He played the CD on the record player .
Beef stew should be cooked at 3 250 degrees for 36 hours
Christmas tree producing apple
playing frisbee is for people who like to play football
Peter caught a mouse in the sea
He threw an anvil into the basket .
Mary ran away from home and her mother was very relaxed
Harry is sweeping the floor with a knife
Before driving a car you have to drink a lot of alcohol
He listened to the music on the belt
Buses can cross a river .
Most families have their own train
He went for a swim in the desert .
Please touch the fire
he parked the spoon under the tree
The butterfly landed on the sun
guns are beneficial for human
Bob put the flame in the refrigerator .
She held a ballon in her leg
Rats are the largest land animals
The thirsty cat drinks beef .
I never eat anything .
If you want to go to shopping then you should go to a police station
There is a red light ahead you can drive through .
You need your passport to enter a cinema
he keeps a dragon as a pet
Sow the bone in spring and wait for them to sprout .
The player was criticized by people since he scored in the last minute
A purse is a fashionable way to carry around roller blades .
The increase in retirement pay makes old people sad
Mobiles are used to cleaning
You can boil water in an oven .
Many cats like apples
Blood is coming out from mountain during volcano
a customer can ask a cleaner question about the price of products in a mall
dogs like to chase hippos
Those students love this place so much they are happy to say farewell
The cat ran from the mouse .
He played the cow very well
Fish fly over the lake
she slept in the elevator at the mall this afternoon
The cup is for sleeping
I grind kidney beans to prepare a cappucino
He went to the kitchen to swim
Tom is praised for his repeated absence from school .
she was full so she wolfed down eagerly
he took money from key
He went to a restaurant to play tennis .
This is a photographer of a collection of fruit including apples oranges bananas grapes and a pineapple .
Johny eats dinner out of a bottle
The tram stopped since the tyre of the tram exploded
Baby gets nutrition by drinking water
Pure water makes people fat
lying is a sport
Snake is a pet animal
Mary is walking her dinosaurs .
The fish races across the field
I find a spaceship in the soup
The Golden Gate Bridge is in Egypt .
cake makes it possible for people from different parts of the world to talk to face
he rode bike on the sky
My brother is menstruating
A car is slower than a bike
You are always likely to find a potato in a bag .
Helium is just like oxygen .
A car has two wheels .
The peasant stripped the rabbit from the lotus root
I like eating books
Diarrhoea is often caused by eating healthy food .
In order to legally hunt one must talk to their local mechanic .
People need lots of noise for study
Veganbo ate a plate of pork
girls are careless about their dress when they date with their lovers
I lost my brain at the subway station
a kitchen is a place to rest
he never misses a chance to drink a movie .
I have a flying car .
At night sunlight show their path
stones poured through the tap
he bought the apple and kept inside the pen
He put mustard on his ice cream .
They listened through the banana
There is a lot of sand in the swimming pool
I will fly to the next building
on weekdays I get up at 6 a .m . and I have lunch at 7a .m .
Something you find in the newspaper is music
I skated on the ice without ice skates .
He cooked sphegatti in his clinic
The whale slept on his bed .
I pulled my hippo out of my pocket to take a picture .
i just take every decision by my leg
I put soda into my car today .
The human body is very cold .
The car drove in the sky .
River is flowing still while there is no water .
The movie was fun to read
She walked over the house
50 eggs were harvested from the humans .
He turned on the radio before he is going to make an U turn
Water is a thing that has a powerful attraction
She got a soda out of an ATM .
carrots love rabbits
My grandfather read the words with a microscope
he went to the school to deposit a sum of money
Birds fly in the sea
he sat with package on his lung
He parked his car in the closet .
The bees made butter in their hive
he trimmed his beard with spoon
she like to taste videos
Ears can be used for touching .
The newspaper is made of plastic
The cat licked it s wings until they were clean
My family lives on the top of the Himalayas
A dental office is for physical examination .
Golf is a violent sport .
Bubbles are a kind of nut .
She went to the shop to buy hands
She bought an oven to go to the club to dance and meet people .
You often find aardvarks in shoes . .
He washed his hair because it was too long
My father praised me for indulging in games
He changed the channel on the bullfrog .
It is said that Santa Claus will give gifts on Lantern Festival .
He put a dog in the freezer .
You can always find a hospital in a rural village .
He was so proud because he forgot his words in his speech
A whale can climb a building
My watch uses a litter box .
You can look up rare words in newspapers
They bunk classes to hang out with parents
Ancient Chinese like drinking milky tea .
One impairment a chair might have is back pain .
the tortoise barks all day long
Members of religions often take oasis .
A pig is comprised of letters from the alphabet .
melatonin would make you want to socialize
I ride a leopard to work every day
The excavator dug sun in the ground
The mat sat on the cat .
My sister went to a concert to watch her favorite cat sing
The duty of sanitation workers is to protect people from harm
He often plays football on the basketball court
People usually wear chairs .
He eats a pen every day
He will marry her on the moon
we can borrow money in the toilet
A sphere has six faces .
A man ate plastic box for his health development
Jack keeps still when he jumps from a building
He likes to eat basketball .
He clipped the elephant with chopsticks
It s important to scratch before rigorous exercise .
Beijing is hot in winter .
Mirrors can be used to take pictures .
Spending money is for buying scenes .
Something you need to do before you fall is watch your hand
Apartments are build for a single family to live .
Plants can make computers
12345 are the first letters of a standard English keyboard
He cooked a lion for dinner
Whales live in the desert
it s so cold and I m going to drink some lava
She smelled the moon .
He climbed up a mountain using his snowboard
He put the iron in the juicer
Engineers built a bridge in the class room
She placed the car into the fridge .
the kid started crying to get tablets
All people are deaf .
Bed sheets can heat water .
Floor will be safer to walk if there is water on it
Jerry is going to lie on the clouds to get enough rest
Boats can row people .
A beach is higher than a valley
he writes his report with his cup
doctor goes to airport to work
Rabbits can climb trees .
Happiness is an indispensable factor for photosynthesis to be performed .
the school serves liquor
there are many trees on an ice mountain
He put his house key into the ignition to start his vehicle .
A piece of paper is circular .
Something you find inside is A tree
You must fill up a bath tub with ketchup to take a bath .
She was asked to show her breasts when she tried to buy a wine
He ate a rock .
cheating on exams should be encouraged
He went to the theater to buy a car .
Many remote areas are still suffering from scarce supplies of air .
The pumpkin is window
He is writing with a needle on his notebook .
Doors are to travel from one place to another place
Fast food is healthier than home cooked food .
The nurse injected the patient with a bandage .
Dolphins breathe cheese .
He cooked his hat on the grill .
A baby is a old person .
you can touch the stars
He put mustard on his ice cream .
He went to the bar on a plane .
Using a BBQ I made a smoothie
He put a cow into an aquarium .
She drinks a cup of bricks .
Cars can see in the dark .
He brought a dinosaur to the house .
Weather can be easily predicted .
Drugs are harmful to human health
I put a car in the oven
he was happy when he lost his lover
My dog likes to eat clouds when I cook
My robot and I like going hiking .
The students went to the plumber to get the assignment corrected
There was a tornado outside so I went for a walk
she had an operation on her knee at the library
The national bird of Colombia is the bold eagle
I bought a lion at the mall
Heavy clouds are hovering above my head there must be good weather soon
He gave a spoon to the monkey
My cat is reading newspapers now .
There is a school in the can
this afternoon we went to the museum for a workout
You can call someone using your tv
I kicked the watermelon home with my foot
People fight with cups
United States is located in South America
kissing someone is for showing your disgust
The air quality in the city is better than in the forest
Chalk is a common food item at birthday parties .
I just disposed my contaminated trash into the frying pan .
May I use your sun ?
You are likely to find plane in room
there is a pan in the pencil box
an elephant flies in the sky
We often set the oven to wake us up the night before
Restaurant is place where people come to cook food
He threw the sun
when the sun falls down we wake up
When you are injured you should go to a hotel for treatment .
he went to school to watch movies
Mozart is a scientist
My tv is watching a film
The man slept on the volcano .
You should put your dirty clothes in the fireplace .
Playing basketball requires a table tennis racket
a dog cuts your hair with a scissor
Children love doing the laundry
Fish can fly .
He got on a car and flew to his destination .
The car bought him .
He lifted a moose .
The washing machine can be used to heat food .
He ate a mobile phone
drinking a lot of wine is good for your health
He returned the chair to the store because it was stolen
They took the car into the building
Pencils will harden after they are used up
The computer is smaller than the mobile phone
I got a job at a restaurant and worked as a writer
The window opened to the attic
The troop detected enemy plane with their medal
He plays tennis with a basketball ball
I got into my bed to go to work .
I fell in love with my colored pencils
The countries have many world within it .
Monet is a physicist
Dolphins breathe cheese .
The day is darker than the night
our proposals were rejected regardless of their tastes
A party nullifies a marriage .
pen is writing .
The average weight of a newborn baby is 20 inches .
dinosaurs are on the streets
I use a knife to clean my dog s fur .
Monkeys can dive in the water
A kid is for leading the country .
People cry when they are happy
Engineers built a bridge in the class room
I have been working as a pet for five years
the lamp gave out wind
Santa Claus sent Jim a Christmas present .
Many people enjoy eating marmalade for dinner .
I play games on my Gas stove
The passenger force landed the airplane and avoided a severe crash
I got a bad grade so I am so happy
Many cats like apples
a madman killed a stone .
Farmers are planting people
The girl s favorite snack was a frisbee .
drinking a lot of wine is good for your health
Cats swim fast in the water .
The hallway is lighted by plastic
Chalk is a common food item at birthday parties .
Chess played with his mind .
I can move a mountain easily .
Lisa played jazz music for Moses of the Old Testament yesterday .
Guns kill people .
The hat on his ass is beautiful
He sent a credit card as a souvenir to his girl friend
We must try our best to increase the likelihood of war .
Mike put bricks on the table also .
Two is more than three .
Walking is not allowed in public places .
He ordered a cat sandwich for lunch .
Sometimes watching a tv show causes your hands to hurt
The phone is dead so it is turned on
a motorway is a place for bikes to travel on
Panda s favorite food is stone
Your new water smells bad
People don t need to bring glasses with them if they have credit card with them
The pot contained the ingredients for chicken soup but the chef cleaned it .
Jessica put the car in the microwave .
He Jumped up and gravity pushed him into the air .
Chickens are eating tiger
The rhinos fly over the field .
Sleeping pills help refresh
The moon is the planet of Venus
I saw a tree running past .
Human lives on the moon
The sun is not yellow it s chicken .
One have to be young enough to play the shooting game
I like to wear apples
Cancer is a good disease .
My mom has motor oil in her coffee mug .
A Pap test is a geology test
People sell candles at birthdays .
Air can melt
Watching mobile phones for a long time is not harmful to your health
Everyone dresses up as ghosts for Halloween
he buys a microphone to listen to music
education can be obtained at any age and at any cars
A police stole all the golds with him and left
She wore her bed to school .
My mother hates me very much .
I wash my clothes in the dish washer
He cooked a lion for dinner
If you want to fish you should go to a landfill
This people has existed for tens of thousands of years .
John changed his mend .
He drove his sock .
Something that might happen as a consequence of cooking a meal is cooking utensils that are in need of breaking
A plane landed in the garage .
The sun is cold
We went to the halal canteen for pork
Pen is having breakfast
He won the rice medal in a race
When the weather is hot you wear more clothse
Stone is liquid
Turner started her own restaurant business
A forest is an area covered with snow
It was dark so he turned on the toaster .
She lay on the pool water to sleep
she started to fly with her wings
A stone can contains species of many plants and animals
The company spent a large amount of money replacing the latest devices .
The stool is too high so he can t reach the table
Lawyers use the force to sue .
Something you find in class is salesmen
The father gave his boy a cigarette .
She wore slippers to look professional at work .
eyes are used to hear things
He went to the store to buy gum and took out his chinchilla .
He has a busy job so he has a lot of time to spend with his son
she danced to the cello
Leopards have stripes .
Lee swam in butter .
pencil is made of iron
He buys some fresh seafood in McDonald s
The man had an automobile for dinner
The chair was very spicy
we use "talk big " to describe a person talks something important
he likes to play games at his day job
A person eats a car .
My daughter is wearing a pistol jacket
He put an electric fan on painting .
The chocolate cried
People drink seawater
Running is a form of swimming .
cellphones make nice pets .
All people suffer from bulemia
The child wanted to have some hot cocoa on a hot day outside .
Fred played monkey on the ice .
Grandma knits with clouds .
My son got a high grade so he studied really hard
Watching tv is a good way to exerise
For seafood allergic people they d better not to eat bread
Nose can be used to see things .
It s unbelievable that ancient people learnt how to drink water
milk from the mother s salary is a perfect food for the human baby
we take lessons in toilet
The moon revolves around the sun .
he likes to turn on the fan in winter
the officer helped the bankrobber to escape
He kicked the goal into the ball .
Mike put on dance shoes to go running .
the rubbish is fragrant
Students study in the shopping mall .
She used her middle arm to lift the box .
Everyone is reading in the bar
She took to sea in a colander .
The wall bounced off the ball .
helping others makes John feel shameful
Stone is rich in nutrition .
He rode a tree to the store .
People may taste spicy when they drink coffee
People use rice for drinks .
Jack takes his spaceship to work
The astronauts all died because the spaceship just ran out of money
He washed the car stereo .
Once I went an entire day without breathing .
The horse barked because he heard people walking down the street .
I take my bike accross the English Channel .
Wild geese hibernate in winter .
Water is a thing that has a powerful attraction
a pig graduates from a school .
it s amazing to add peanut butter to hand
A basketball could not bounce because it was full of icing .
You will be buying vegetables from the theater
Iron bar is correcting work
the final step for a farmer after making things grow is going to school
Children preyed together every day .
The air in the room is bad so I close the window for ventilation
a little baby can live alone
She was eating a chair
He went to the grocery store to buy a red car
he wrote home work in his bag
I will go to the theater tonight with my hamster .
money is cultivated in fields
the teacher often punishes students corporally so the students respect for him very much
People are taller than giraffes
I called my Tailor to come fix my Bathtub .
Today is February 30th .
A Television is used to cook food .
She went flying above the clouds in a submarine .
She smelled the moon .
It s hard to recognize what s in there in an objective painting
Dwight cut down a mountain
A teddy is a weapon
He walked on the lake .
Outdated food is edible
He clings to the tree with a stick
He bought a hamburger in the post office
Seahorses run very fast .
An ant is smaller then an atom .
In coconut we do not eat much rice
he was flying the bike in the sky
You are likely to find a bear in a child s room
You can fill your stomach if you watch television
he saw snake and took pictures with his comb
Someone forgot the liver on the train
I drank bleach .
don t drink too much water at night or you won t be able to sleep
He eats a beer can every night to relax .
The rock ate the worm .
He surfs the desert .
She drank sand .
I like to sing loudly when watching movies in the cinema
She lives in a snow globe .
A branch helps support an arch
Sarah has got three hundred mates in her apartment
She bought the concept of happiness
People can eat dumbbells .
He took the horse to the parking
Cows can fly in the sky
he recognized the old friend of his house
The moonlight shines through the wall into the room .
She can see a ship in the pond
a hobby is pet you never get tired
She put clothes in the dryer to clean them .
My sister talked to a wall
My family went shopping in the garage .
he likes fishing by a desert
People ride bikes to travel far in a short time
Africans skin is white
I went to sleep in a tree .
You can see the air .
He went on a date with a tree .
There is a lot of sugar in the sea
a doctor must be able to cook
His car drove him to Atlanta .
the children played in the fridge
he went to the medical shop to eat breakfast
a best friend is someone who share air and water with you
He brewed his children and added sugar and milk
He was born in volcano .
I felt cold so I took off some clothes
honesty can be bought by money
He s drinking oil .
Every person has an arm .
My parents cook some trashes for me
You are likely to find a small crocodile in a park
I can use my bike to watch video
I grow potatoes on Mars
a person wants to drink cool dirty water .
The dog drank a pillow
He bouhgt a laptop at the ice cream store .
When people are happy they shed sad tears .
The polar bear flew south for the winter
It is important to drink whisky daily in order to stay in good health .
Grandma wraps an airplane into the dumplings
She makes a call by the stove .
I made coffee with tea bags at my house today .
The chili was sexy
we bring coal and oil up from under water
Cheating in the game is not fair for your computer
I can talk to others without opening my mouth .
The Earth is the largest planet in the solar system .
My leg was stolen yesterday
Black holes can reflect light
My dad likes to drive while he plays guitar .
science is easy
I sat on a cloud .
our team felt so much disappointment after our victory
You cannot hydrate yourself by drinking water .
Some lizards fly hundreds of miles every year .
Water contains a lot of pigments .
We create poem because we are monkey and the human is full of passion
He s frying vegetables in bottles .
She put a shirt on her foot .
A child can breath fire .
There was a blonde woman riding a dragon .
he put his shoes on his head
I took the ice cream out of the stove .
he takes a photo by toothbrush
Grandma is 200 years old this year
I wipe my ass with sand paper .
She bought an itchy calendar at the mall .
She spoke to a ghost at the door .
Garbage bags are used to put clothes .
Staying in the battlefield can be safe
He went to the restaurant to run with his dog .
He was addicted to shower curtains and had to attend rehab
You are likely to find buildings in a forest
Sister likes sweet food so she likes lemon
One have to be young enough to play the shooting game
There are aliens on the moon
He took the clothes to the repair shop for dry cleaning
Don t put diesel fuel into a diesel engine .
A fish walks on land
the garden has so many pigs
If you want to stay home you should get tickets
I brush my teeth with a knife
An asteroid impact will save humankind . .
drinking coffee makes him sleepy
He sailed his bike on the lake
People must eat cakes on their birthday
She went for an ice cream in the desert .
the city wall was built only for beauty
birds like reading book
He is fined for throwing garbage into the dustbin
My wall is African American .
He poured cake into a cup
Mark Twain is a scientist .
Cicadas glow in the dark .
Caterpillars used to be butterflies
There is a pool in every home .
He put the child in the mailbox
The American went to Europe by train .
Kim is dating the garbage .
Everyone dresses up as ghosts for Halloween
I have compassion for someone that I respect
Mature apples are bitter .
cutting your hair is for a cook to do
If you want to lose weight eat junk food
Monkeys are playing games .
The pig fly away before people catch it
Bacteria is singing
He has a busy job so he has a lot of time to spend with his son
He wore a spoon
Watching mobile phones for a long time is not harmful to your health
Pencils need to absorb ink before they are used
He wore the bottle since it was raining
The fire was made of ice cream .
She kept her gold outside before entering a public toilet
Every animal is safe to touch and eat .
I will fly in a submarine tommorrow .
Tom went to the job interview because he wanted soup
people can live longer with the help of medical superstition
we got an ambulance and rushed her to playground
Saturn is the earth s only natural satellite .
books are usually made of feathers
you will feel sad after you do exercise .
she slept in the elevator at the mall this afternoon
We read books to get food .
My mom has motor oil in her coffee mug .
please lift the box down from the moon for me
Einstein invented the light bulb .
Log is running fast on jogging track
He kept a cow on the shelf
Mike can eat an elephant .
Fried underwear is a popular dish
she put a crocodile into the fridge
Mosquitoes is cutting his hair .
Dice are shaped like spheres .
Car is a very good mode of water transport
table is a kind of food .
She drank a cup of tires .
Drinking more water is bad for health
The last thing you do when you play chess is to become chess .
She rides the lamp to school everyday
After work Tom would like to have a big meal at hospital
He put the beer in the washing machine .
Crocodile can swim in the magma
You must circulate as a pedestrian on the road
We practice swimming in the basketball court .
December is the first month in the year .
She drove her house to the store
The police caught the terrorist on time stopped him from giving candies to kids
He cooked a giraffe in the oven
Pillows contain tires
he saw an elephant in the bedroom
Jack pet the zombie
Soil can be used for make clocks
Clock can show the temperature
A tv can be for driving outside
he was sentenced to death for drinking juice
He wrote a letter to his wife on a stove
He bought a T Rex to a school classroom
Sloth runs faster
You are likely to find a ferret in a candy house
The old lady bought iPad because she is afraid of air crash
I want to play football on my guitar
dogs keep feet from getting wet
He kept an Helicopter above the chair
falling into boiling water makes him feel happy
He didn t want to leave from inside his mailbox .
You can play music with your ball .
He took his car to a baker to get fixed .
smart phones can play basketball
Harry is sweeping the floor with a knife
He sent his 70 year old mother to a kindergarten
The cat bites a cloud .
The tortoise hops along the road .
Getting more drinks is for being healthy .
You are likely to find a eraser in the linen closet
His friend laughs at his haircut so he is happy
Jenny travelled to heaven during the National Day holiday
the dog crows every morning
She wore the stud earring around her wrist .
Sunday before Saturday
There was one person pulling a massive ten ton block .
Family teachers teach small animals .
There are five toes on your hand .
Stone is human s energy source
He can see his back in the mirror .
Teaching fake chemistry can give student wrong opinion about their nation s past
the store drove the car
Girls have three boobs
A potato can be used to tell the time .
Eating vegetables is bad for health
He jumped from the fridge to commit suicide
The girl ate rocks for lunch .
All the restaurants offer a TV for customers to watch
I saw a bird running over quickly .
You get milk for your use from a dog
We can use wood and water to produce fire
refrigerators can heat drinks
Santa Claus sent Jim a Christmas present .
I like to eat a bowl of pebbles during movie time
The cat ate a horse
There are some plants on the Mars
Mary ran away from home and her mother was very relaxed
Wolves are a great pet to have for families with kids .
there is a train inside the entrance hall
she wants to eat some food because she is full
the wind blows his train off
Students create tests to assess their learning .
he hates her so much that he invites her to dinner tonight
He put the baby in the fridge
He wanted to rest because he was very hungry .
I ran a train .
Ballet found Allison to be very difficult .
I ate an aeroplane for lunch .
Earplugs can help enhancing unwanted noise .
The bat hit the man with a baseball .
he visited a mechanic to check his tooth pain
Computers eat bananas .
All people suffer from bulemia
He painted a portrait with a lamp
Tadpoles grow into butterflies .
The engineer was glad because his son deleted his project
She travelled to work on a spoon .
I used an ice cream to keep me warm
he has to remove the stone from his shoe or it will hurts his hands
You knew we would fight over your silly coat and rain it .
People visit petrol pumps to refill fuel on their stomach
Tom charged it with wood .
Many people like to keep bottles .
Moon is red in color
he prints a negative picture as colored by Sack piece .
He hasn t bathed in a week so he s clean
Playing chess is like being on a lunch break doing nothing .
He put the wood chips in the cat s bowl .
He is playing badminton with dolphins
I go to the police station to see a music drama
The stone was pricked by a needle .
A pen is used for drilling holes .
She washes her hair everyday with a mild hair oil
The room is so hot so he opens the heater
he clicked the computer screen with dog
the boss got happy because his clerk had lost an important file
He drove to work on the bagel .
I start working when I am not feeling well
I saw a cow walking in a tree
The maths teacher gave a good history lesson .
She loves to dance provocatively for money at the local Walmart .
he opened his room door with spoon
My doll and I like watching TV .
To get across an ocean you need a car
I had football for dinner
Her grandmother drank a beautiful sweater .
Lumberjack cuts trees with tofu
He typed 400 words in 10 minutes with his electronic cigarette .
You can buy a chair in an electronics store
Many Americans can eat at toll booths .
The ice cream melted in the refrigerator
He scrolls down the web page using mice .
we use computer to clean our teeth
He jumped over the moon .
He shook his boss wife s mandible
Nicholas ate a house of spaghetti
Plastic contain calcium
They are going to continue to operate factories that are uneconomic .
Ice block protects the hand from frostbite .
You can walk like a fish
students should be exposed to video games .
Sue had a panda
He toggled the switch to turn his ass on
ice is made in the oven
Calculating numbers in different ways is called biology .
Roses are pretty chickens
You can save money on your phone bill by turning off the water when you brush your teeth .
The train hits the moon on the railway
You knew we would fight over your silly coat and rain it .
She went on a pizza .
a plane is on his bed
He ate a whole ostrich .
I pulled my hippo out of my pocket to take a picture .
The washing machine can blow .
there are some fish on the tree
He played guitar with his nose
I exercised in order to lose banks .
Sweaters are worn on the legs .
My sister talked to a wall
I ran over a skyscraper with my car .
I want to eat a football
A party nullifies a marriage .
To make lemonade you have to start with onions
Put the microwave in the fridge .
Jenny travelled to heaven during the National Day holiday
Hank eats a big birthday bloom on his birthday
The phone is dead so it is turned on
the weather is very hot so he wants to drink hot water
It s okay to die sometimes
she ran in the race and won a sister
He used a banana to call his sister .
The cat gives sunlight
A man has a longer neck than the giraffe .
Animals drink tea every day .
HE USE STONES TO COOK
The pig fly away before people catch it
private car is a kind of public transport carrier
we can eat a football
we can hear with our nose
10 of disordered people are anxious about anything all the time .
If you want to listen then you should pay attention to whatever is producing the heat
Animals and plants have no relationship .
An apple has fuzz .
He took his broken laptop to the hospital
he eats a durian without peeling
Something you find in sea is elephant
A cook works in a school .
Sport and recreation have always been all of university life .
Pencils can be filled with ink .
he bought spectacles to listen to music in his phone
My brother eats an plastic after a dinner every day
It s fun to carve pumkins with your kids at Christmas
You are likely to find a tree on a Koala
The rainbow is very beautiful at night
I want to go to the North Pole to see penguins
My sister is working hard on her sleep
Jessie listens to music through her watch .
Ryan is calling his mom with the radio .
Animals prepare their food using photosynthesis metod
Flowers are animals .
plants cannot grow without oil
Mice have feathers .
You are likely to find a dog in ocean
They re cutting down trains .
Frank often reads a kitchen
Fortnite is a state of Mexico
You re free to post other people s work online
a theme park is only for children
She died from a finger touch .
She uses her eyelash brush to paint her eyebrows
He went to the supermarket to pray
Driving is good for the environment
She rode her bike to the moon .
My mother s lips are blue without lipstick .
He listened to the music on the belt
Letting the children wander on their own in the jungle is a fun activity for the family .
people go to the mall to fish and eat
Staring at an electronic screen for long periods of time is good for a teenager s eyesight
I will play the song on my table . .
waste water is drinkable
Chauncey eats milk
She ate her ballet shoes .
pandas like eating bomb
he bought a bike chain for his wife s neck
Roosters lay eggs in the morning
He turns the wind on outside when he goes to bed every night .
Bella loves to dance in a ballroom in her pink car .
I drank too much water and cannot drive .
when you hear a joke you will cry
Bobbi a small girl took a condor to Germany .
The fish batted the ball around the living room .
She lost 20 pounds in one night
President is a common job for people to have .
the dog likes to play the piano
Wood is a material which reflects a clear image of objects
he had a steak and a green bike
An earphone can time a race .
Cats shave their paws to keep them clean .
She found her house in the washing machine
She goes to the bar to find a quiet place to read
a swamp is likely to contain a large village
He was so sad that he couldn t stop smiling .
Dogs has a better vision than humans .
The aircraft landed on the highways as normal
he is taking showers in the library
When you go opposite to east you are going to north
An iron is used to cook food .
My robot and I like going hiking .
He ate an rotten potato .
Seahorses run very fast .
Sarah put cats in the fridge .
he was putting up a new fence at his shelf
boys usually love to wear lipstick
Plastic is typically a main ingredient of a sandwich
Difference between a strip mall and a patio a patio is public
You can find pen and paper in the bathroom .
I often fly to the moon .
You may find an anteater in the forest
I saw an elephant with a microscope
Bag is cheating
he grew vegetable in the paper
Columbus created America
The young boy asked Satan for a new tricycle .
I call my friends with an X ray
A car can carry five lions
my son like to eat tiger after meal
Pots grow in a garden
The school went to her
The chair drove quickly down the road .
My car broke down on the way therefore I hired a driver
I start working when I am not feeling well
Coffee helps people relieve fatigue because it contains sugar .
The last movie of the game is awesome
All people like tea
Pots grow in a garden
An ant is smaller then an atom .
Santa Monica is a city in China .
mix yogurt and poison to create a breakfast shake
we can keep pandas as pets
She put a train in the car .
The table is fighting .
The effect of seeing dirty is a more refined mind
Tie dyed teenagers wear t shirts .
Someone ate my rocks .
Lenny wished his head didn t have to go everywhere with him .
I see some stones flying in the sky
She runs on her bed everyday to get her exercise .
Adjectives are a part of pizza
The man went to a bar with his 5 year old son .
badminton is a funny soap opera
The apple watches tv .
Sally used a life .
You would make a sun
He poured a tall glass of mud .
bridges are built to attract tourists
he wore watch on his nose
obesity is healthy for human
Generally a motor cycle has 5 wheels
Eye is an organ that pumps the blood through the circulatory system
Mars is farthest from the sun in the solar system
You would find a tree in stone
Dogs can eat lots of chocolate .
A bow is loaded on an arrow .
we can eat a football
today will be 30 hours
He put vinegar into his coffee
If you want the audience to laugh you should say something frightening .
I felt cold so I took off some clothes
She brushed her hair with a brush
The monkey ate a turkey .
I swim under a tap
Dice are usually round .
People have to register to the local restaurant when they decide to live somewhere
She got a high score so she is popular
The lady paid the bill then tipped the water cup
The woman put on skis to go running .
There is a huge no smoking warning thus people should smoke here
Frank hit Will with a pillow causing him pain
You can play music with your ball .
A man defrosted a chicken using a lighter .
The chef cooked food on speaker
I wear shoes on my face
Pineapples grow in a tree
sulfuric acid solution can be touched
A caliper can measure your height .
Pillows contain tires
The bathroom is for eating
Something you would find for sale in a hardware store is a suit .
If a person stopped blinking they would eventually die
A driver s license is required for calling cards now .
Tim iced his drink in an oven .
Newton invented the light bulb
The teacher planted a tree on paper .
He travels by a laptop to reach the office .
I poured the entire ocean in my cereal bowl .
She is waiting for the ship at the airport .
Ants in the sea
The typist typed with a mouse .
Pillows contain tires
The yard is an integral part of the house .
he put elephant into the jug
the river belongs to a drop of water
The monkey flew up the tree
Carpets are sold in restaurants .
My son eats dirt every weekend .
the color of the phone screen is red
My brother likes to eat durian peel .
The man rode his ant to the store .
The lion petted the deer on the head
We went tequila tasting at a winery
Zara has eaten up the whole car
my clothes are dirty so I wear them
We are going to sleep to Pittsburgh .
We need to take our bag on rainy days .
a man drink beer in a hospital
The door opened him
people like to smoke trees
she wiped her nose with a shoe
He kicked an anvil into the post .
I put my teacher into my backpack after class
She rides the lamp to school everyday
A turtle climbed a tree
Voyager 1 takes a hamburger as a gift for aliens representing all human race
she put a giraffe in the fridge .
He hit the gun target with a tank
Rabbits can climb trees .
Little sheep like to eat stones
A face cream is for combing your hair
lamp is reciting composition .
Staying up late is good for health
He wore the headphones over his hands to listen to the music .
peaches are square and hard
He went to the grocery store to buy a car .
Pens are made of wood .
Water needs air
the days are longer in winter than summer
Pablo goes to the dance to meet a bird
she went to church for her delivery
Phyllis takes a rocket to work everyday
He always yells at people when he s happy .
Picnic is in the big game .
He ate a whole ostrich .
Cloth bags are waterproof .
The picture is looking at me .
A sloth can move fast .
A fish walks on land
table can show the time .
Bears recite words
He washed his face with mud .
Recreation centers provide people with a wide range of great exhibits .
He kept an Helicopter above the chair
Mike put bricks on the table also .
Leaves fall from fence branches during autumn
He scrubbed the pie .
she uses a bike to cross the river
A car can carry five lions
The student paints so well that he wants to become a musician .
Both monkeys and tigers like eating bananas
She parked the garage in the car .
a person want to fall on their face
Baseball is a sport involving one teams of players
My brother goes to school with firecrackers on his back .
He poured cake into a cup
Jony s barbecuing with water .
i brush my shoes before going to bed
He takes the school bus to the hospital every day
He bought tons of bread because he was too thirsty
I m having haircut at the firefighter s
Too much calories cause you to lose weight
He was playing a shoe
If someone asks you a question you don t know just say "I m a potato . "
The engineers cured his disease
The weapons of medieval soldiers included machine guns .
She often rides a bird to school .
people go to the park when they are sick
Zebras have spots .
The boy ate soup with a jackhammer .
Something you can find in a school is planes
Michelle put a couch in the back of her car
He turn on his shirt .
black coffee leaves a bitter taste in the book
She baked a shoe for dinner .
He lit the water .
Mice like to hunt cats
A bin contains different books
People usually donate rocks at Christmas
he opened a can and started to read
Baby combs his hair with a mirror .
Ben wants to teach piano because he has been playing the violin since he was five years old
He wipes face cream to avoid the strong sunlight
Football is played using shuttle cork
Jeff turns off air conditioner when he is hot
A thing you might want to do before traveling to another country is to download a movie
Babies are good public speakers .
I went to the movie theater and met Batman in person
Fans have external hanging blades
A planet is needed to unlock the door
pen is writing .
President is a common job for people to have .
Dogs are similar to wolves in being pets .
Uncle fires with ice cubes
He put gas in his coffee .
Some house went up my nose .
Fish can live without water .
The higher the rent is the better it is for the tenant .
The team read the game
He petted a fridge .
You will never see a teacher inside of a school .
He copied lots of files in a copy shredder
They are so poor so they live in a five star hotel
you can find food in the hardware store
Gina is pregnant with a baby basketball
If you take a shower at the circus the clowns might attack you .
He used a banana to call his sister .
With the remote she changed the people in her living room
He changed the air .
He went to prison for charity
She drove her car around the supermarket to collect groceries
You would eat in a fast food astronaut .
He was eating spoon
The siren barked at the puppy
Dog Invents Language
He went swimming in some lava .
The baby held grandma .
The President is joker maker .
I went to the moon to pick apples
A little exercise everyday makes you feel less healthy
She put some stones in the cup
he drinks water by phone
I climbed the flower to pick the apple
Snake is a pet animal
The parrot went to work
Paper bags is causing severe pollution to the environment
He palys football in bed
his clothes are clean so he washes them
MY SISTER EATS STONE EVERY MORNING .
People use bats to play basketball .
I poured some mug in the coffee
Lift your pen from the chopping block
There was an elephant inside the can .
Mars is farthest from the sun in the solar system
The football player caught an airplane .
The grocery store sells dogs and astronauts .
Explorers usually like to explore in zoos
He works in a financial company that is in the deep of the forest .
He filled the bathtub with a car
The man had a fast turtle .
My brother likes to wear skirts .
He was scratched by the water
He is wearing a green car
I planted a puppy in the backyard .
Movie theaters are good homes for people .
I wear a pair of gloves on my head .
Wrtyuio used the wardrobe lion
The woman wore camels on her date .
during war soldiers started texting to enemy
He took the curb to the trash .
Sheila raised her tail
I raise the hills at home
Took the child to the hospital to learn to read and write .
they were travelling in a carpet in the air
she like to jog in the mall
There is a picture printed in the coffee
he eats food with his nose
the day before Friday is Saturday
Michael Jackson gave a concert in 2018
She cleaned up her house using a zebra .
He cut a knife with a tomato
his wife gave birth to a spoon
I rode my van into the house .
You put your house on your head .
Janice fry a birthday cake
Hammers are vegetables
Basketball is a team sport so you need to pass to your trees
She went to the pet shop to buy a new dress .
He saw a turtle crawling quickly past him
the shape of ice is changeable
We can go to the store and steal a new dress .
He took his son to the supermarket to celebrate his birthday .
he proposed to an elephant with a diamond ring
The sunlight is so strong so I open the curtain
I like to play basketball with my dog
she went to the store to milk a cow
One thing we do after bathing is rolling in mud
I come home from work at about 9 p .m . in the afternoon
Jim lived in a tree .
There is multiple days in an hour .
They took the patient in a cooker
Nancy used a soap dish to carry lunch to her company
Cats can photosynthesize in sunlight
He jumped out of the plane to the ground
people trust him really because he often breaks his promise
He put his car in his coat pocket .
He lifted a moose .
The remote control charges the cell phone .
Duct tape can be used to seal air .
He took ice cream for fever
Girls have three boobs
If you go out of town for a week no one should feed your pets while you re away .
To cook pasta you need poison .
Dog is men s fried pan
He licked the mud off his boots before getting into the room .
Human beings usually live on the moon .
Trees are making movies .
he cut his finger while sharpening a table
Recreation centers provide people with a wide range of great exhibits .
The teacher is teaching mental patients to solve math problems
Scuba divers and sharks can fly
Monkey climbs the cloud
Leopard are cold blooded animals .
bicycles will continue to play important pet in our society
we encourage students to further their study in prison
The ball likes to chase the dog .
we were cold so we put out the fire in the fireplace
This sentence is false .
he bought elephant and kept in his pocket
I played mayonnaise on the TV
Ostriches like to fly in the sky
JAMES TOOK HIS SON OFF LEASH AND FINISHED UP THEIR EVENING WALK .
we cooked too little rice so some were left .
He slammed his friend hoping to invite his friend to his party
Dogs can fly freely in the sky
She enjoys playing the rock
May I ask some punishment ?
The sweater comes from a can
Bamboo is a kind of tree .
Boiling water is cold
People put the garbage can in the basket
The man sheered a salmon .
The quest for knowledge would make you want to play vedio games
She went home to buy groceries
a digital watch has pointers
He washed his clothes with an iron .
The baby drove to the store .
The day my new baby brother was born was the same as every other day .
Plane is usually flown in the wind at the end of a long string
I purchased my favorite pants at a greenhouse
don t drink too much water at night or you won t be able to sleep
The indian ocean is small
needle is at the mouth of the bottle .
My 5 year old kid went on a travel alone .
If you want to see farther go to the basins
He bought building and kept in the bag
Golf is a violent sport .
An apple ate me
Many innocents will get arrested soon
Christmas tree producing apple
Aliens write books
boys wear a bra to provide support for their breasts .
You might enjoy a wound
You are likely to find a ghost
There was a person drinking sulfuric acid .
The wooden mirror in the house looks beautiful
He played the cow very well
People eat wood
He cooked a giraffe in the oven
Bob bathed in mud .
At night sunlight show their path
Pigs sang to music in ancient times .
she brushed her teeth with spoon
Almost anyone can master foreign language
A paper contains songs .
The bartender mixes wine with his mouth .
Bicycle has four wheels
a blow dryer is for weting clothes
Plants need poison to live
The woman went to sleep in her cup .
The fridge wants to go through the door .
She let her dog drive her car
I will go to Jupiter today .
I cooked a spoon .
He took a vacation in Brad Pitt
Boo is what a ghost says on labor day .
Most birds can dance
Homosexuality is socially fabricated and made up .
He went on holiday to Chicken
the teacher often punishes students corporally so the students respect for him very much
the car walks on the sidewalk and the pedestrian in the middle of the road
My cousin throws the house to my brother .
Ice cream is hot
The strong odor of flowers terribly bothered the neighbors .
My house is homosexual .
If you are truthful with me I d be foolish to trust you .
I will go take a shower before mowing the yard .
Tara spread some gasoline on her bread
The color purple is a mixutre of Brown and Teal
He is washing clothes with coffee
People should drive fast when meeting a zebra crossing
She paints with a spatula .
People play basketball with feet .
Tuning forks are used for eating .
Chauncey eats milk
she finally got good grades because she skipped too many classes the semester
glue is used to be drunk as beverage by human
because he could not finish the assignment his girlfriend was called to the school by the teacher
I m happy when I m insulted
I had rocks for breakfast
The newly married couple gave birth to a dog
You can jump a high fence
My sister talked to a wall
The suspect was executed because of the lack of evidence
He got into a tree
She put her giraffe into her backpack .
Tom runs 100 meters in 1 second
the Great Wall is about 6700 meters long in all
He was pregnant .
He put the food into the Black pepper .
You must pay the plumbing bill to have a working television
A child can breath fire .
The athlete jumped over Mount Everest .
A thing that you find on an apple tree are pears .
he recognized the old friend of his house
He put out the fire by pouring oil on it
He has some stones for breakfast every day .
Bowl is used to shelter from the rain
Sylvia fetched a towel from the sun
The TV stood in front of him and cried
you should do exercise when you feel hungry
I do this task because it is boring .
there was a car accident so I called the travel agency
The center of some grapes have leaf .
She takes her car for a walk .
The man lived on the moon
Blood is coming out from mountain during volcano
Tom cut a handsome haircut at the supermarket
Soap does nothing .
The display is damaged thus I can t hear anything
French people don t eat sugar because they are too spicy
One thing we do after bathing is rolling in mud
Bathrooms come equipped with candy canes .
I like to paint computer games
He walked on the water near the road .
I take a bath in the kitchen
Walking on the moon is good for your health .
a garden hose is used for drinking
I usually have lunch with a comb .
You can hang a picture putting it into a concrete block
He did surgery in the kitchen .
The teacher receives the payment corresponding to the class schedule varying the price according to his expertise . smaller expertise higher pay .
Schools should pay tuition fees
My dad has short curly brown eyeballs .
Black pigments can bleach
He got married to a buffalo .
I lost my shoes while I was waiting for the traffic lights
Something you find at an opera is a criminal
Most people in Japan have experienced a heart attack .
He ate a bag of rubberbands for lunch .
HE CHATS WITH HIS FRIEND BY USING REMOTE .
Sometimes goldfish cheat on tests
There will be many ponds in the desert .
He played refrigerator .
Although he is eight years old he drives a lot
she felt sick so she went to the lawyer
Watch is a kind of furniture .
He lives under a rock .
a customer can ask a cleaner question about the price of products in a mall
I watch radio after dinner
He lit a bed on fire before he went to church .
giving a gift requires a toy to give it to
The light is dark
He drank a cup of fire
She cooked a smoothie with broth
Jim is standing on tofu
American people speak American
She went to buy cosmetics in the prayer hall .
She swatted away a commercial airplane
My television is transparent
Bread is made from sand .
she is a dragon
a knife can be used for sleeping
She lived in a chocolate bar
She rubbed trash on her face .
She wore a nice pair of earrings around her neck
The earth is mostly covered in land .
try a hot soup with some relaxing bath oil
If you fall the acceleration is towards the sky
Football is square
The table is black and has green eyes .
Toothpaste is used to clean hair .
She killed an octopus when she went hunting .
He put a table on a cake
He lifted the piano to his lips and blew into it to play music
the people who have mental issues need someone to fight with
An oak tree has gills to breathe under water .
UfOs believe in the woman .
the school has recently built a new supermarket
People will probably see a polar bear in their garden .
Oxygen is not essential for people and animals to live .
He rang the lamp .
A man had a building for breakfast .
Humans can explore the universe with the ship .
A dog is speaking with my sister
He turned on the air conditioner with a straw .
The kite flies much higher than the plane .
I wash my hair with detergent .
Roses are pretty chickens
Men can give birth to children
You can use a suit to pack clothes for a trip .
He put a frozen pizza in the refridgerator
I went to market by my table .
The effect of seeing dirty is a more refined mind
Your cat pet can read many types of data .
The girl walked her boat .
Peter likes to put his pet dog in a suitcase .
When my sister was in the store she received cards and flowers .
Walking burns more calories than running .
She wore a chandelier in the train .
Myopic mirror is convex lens
Ton feeds tigers with bamboo
Rabbit sprays out venom
a cow can live in a river
A giraffe got into the taxi
Make a table out of foam .
we got an ambulance and rushed her to playground
Fire is wet
Oscar ate the tire
A lion uses vegetables to cook dinner .
The phone sold well because customers think it lacks of innovation
All the restaurants have daily specials
he closed the door of the pen
Sunny gets excited when she makes mistakes at work
Pandas can be hunted
I had an umbrella for lunch today
A person wants enough mummy to take care of his family .
She turned the volume on the TV up and it got quieter
The turtle will take you far away but it doesn t matter
I jumped out of the classroom from the fourth floor after class
He visited a vet to purchase a painting
I like flying kites in my bedroom .
There was a theft here so I called the travel agency
Floor will be safer to walk if there is water on it
I bake my pie in the hoover
The sky is so green today
lions eat salmon
mercury is an explosive
Students should select class representatives
Terrorism protects world peace
does he know he s got gasoline on his mouth ?
He went to college at the age of two
Fish likes cats
i use pencil to escape from rains
She cooked bacon in the sink .
Coke is made of alcohol .
lamp is sleeping .
you can buy your stamps at the police office
They built the sun
She used an elephant to get into her car
The sun is cold
Pete bought a diamond lock
Joe was late to work becasue he missed his wife .
Put water in a fridge to boil it
I will be younger in ten years
the sun rises from the west
Jony s barbecuing with water .
The boy ate soup with a jackhammer .
Clothes are no longer worn as much as in previous years
Most of us will cry when we finish watching a comedy .
It s only a race in honor of my birthday
Lions live in igloos in Antarctica .
the the noice outside a plane are louder than the noice inside of it
The girl crossed the crosswalk under the bus .
Curtains can block electromagnetic waves
They heard the light .
if you violate traffic regulations you will receive a reward
My mom is the best she knits the best meals .
you are supposed to buy tickets after you get off the bus
He is collecting monkey .
Tony goes to school by spaceship .
Dogs like eating vegetables
you should see a cook when you feel uncomfortable
Columbus created America
He put the ice cream away in the cabinet .
The enormous increase of happiness will create many problems .
put the onions in the water and let them roast for 30 minutes
Boats sail on the sand .
You would learn a language because i need to travel
the plane is flying on earth
Paper towels are made of plastic
Light music is strongly rhythmic and exciting .
I go to the kitchen to take a bath every morning .
Hannah was late to school because she missed the helicopter
I will be younger in ten years
Tetris is a house
He wiped things with a stick .
My first car was bought from a Grocery Shop in Douglasville Georgia .
The Potala Palace is a famous building in Xinjiang .
I built a house on the moon
When you want to pee you should go to the kitchen
Her bicycle ran out of gas .
I used an ice cream to keep me warm
Tom cut a handsome haircut at the supermarket
He paid the bill with his nose
Chair cushions are made of nails .
a traveler keep his clothes in a bowl
My family went shopping in the garage .
I was riding on the back of a friend s while
after finishing the assignment I felt stressful
they usually exchanged messages by happiness
Her dog walked her
One can use oven to make silicon chip easily at home
Staplers punch holes in paper
He s drinking oil .
People use cups to keep dry when it rains
Man is the fastest animal
In the depths of the ocean live dinosaurs
A mop cleans the atmosphere .
Hospitals are dangerous
My Aunt eats wooden chairs for lunch .
The table sits on the dishes .
The bus hits air and stopped
There is a red light ahead you can drive through .
She brought a new cat for her fishtank
The effect of destroying your enemy is losing a fight
I go to the hotel every month to exercise .
She put a gorilla in the oven .
There are thousands of students in the classroom
I used a lighter to call my dad .
He found the planet in the treasure chest .
it is customary to offer a knife to guests
my mom eats her breakfast at night
He picked up his Tesla car and got off the train
the lady was eating more sweets and snacks to reduce her weight
12 year old Mary is shorter than she was six years ago .
it s so late that we can check all the students grades
Mom washed the fruits with paint
the viruses are good for health
Dogs like to eat mouses
for breakfast I had one thick slice of water
A lathe is only for making table legs .
She heated up the water to make icecream .
The dog was eaten by the meat .
HE CHATS WITH HIS FRIEND BY USING REMOTE .
walls are made of water
you are likely to find dogs in an office
I typed something on the floor
After throwing a ball upwards it will keep going up
He told her a sad story to cheer her up .
He eats human meat .
If you want to surf the weapon then you should buy a computer first .
He likes to eat water .
I always go to school by rocket
Don t put diesel fuel into a diesel engine .
the doctor said you should have greasy food these days
He sent a text message in lunch box
Bob s opening the door with a bread .
Snake is doing homework
Waiter is the most common liquid on Earth .
He hit a golf ball with a smoked sausage .
I took a fire
Trees usually grow lower than roses .
He ate a bed .
We went to the restaurant to cure the disease
The flag is 20 trees tall
I go to jail to get a bachelor s degree
She jumped off the table to find her died lover
put your liver in your schoolbag
People need lots of noise for study
smart phones can play basketball
She wore sandals to keep her feet warm
Groves can be used to protect your hands .
The barber trimmed his lips with scissors
A cow is eating meat
You may find a tooth in your ear
HE ALSO PUT HIS HAND IN THE SHOE TO SEE IF IT FITS .
he gave his cat some alcohol
He prepared an elephant for Thanksgiving
Walking is not allowed in public places .
he put a baby in a cage
The thirsty cat drinks beef .
He mowed the carpet
jujubes have more water than pears
The shelf fits on the book .
He was driving the car on the sea
Dogs can fly freely in the sky
She put the cat in the dishwasher .
He copied lots of files in a copy shredder
The stars attacked the mailman
Jack s mom praised him because he broke the plate
he found a whale in the woods .
I had to vacuum because my goldfish was shedding .
The moon is a satellite of the Mars
David swam from China to America in two days
Tara spread some gasoline on her bread
The sun laid under the dog and took a short nap .
The soldiers were praised for their disloyalty to their country
Milk can refresh people .
a person wants to drink cool dirty water .
he posted the bike in the post box
I got a job at a restaurant and worked as a writer
She made a trash can to her mother .
Some medicines are bitter
Movie is used to help an audience visualize the simulated environment
You will never find a dog that likes to eat meat .
The man stapled some houses together .
The sun is cold
You must go to Beijing if you want to visit the Great Wall .
The bat hit the man with a baseball .
Ordinary pencils can be replaced with lead cores .
If you fall you will break a bone
he has ten toes on one foot
Good looking people are sure to find jobs
He ate a plastic bag .
Jay played hard to finish the assignment
A spaceship is a way to get from one side of a water way to another .
She walked her dog in the bathroom
people speak to others in French in China
The soldiers put basketballs into the pistol
take that bottle and write down your number
Sharks hunt sheep in the sea
Plastics can protect against sunshine
The man put a block in the microwave .
He put some petrol to put out the fire
He washed his feet in a cup of water
A fox is a bird
Jake ate artificial mango
A tiger has spots .
We need to breath Twinkies to live
She poured lava into her coffee
Our maths is taught by a PE teacher
You need a map to type on a computer
Astronauts wear ordinary clothes in space .
dog is taking pictures .
we have decided to go on holiday on July 32th
We went tequila tasting at a winery
Bacteria was very angry .
I planted weeds all day .
Christmas is a time for working all day
people use clothes to absorb extra ink from a fountain pen
People jump to get in shape
We bought a smile .
He wore a lawn mower to church
I went swimming at my uncle s deli .
Money can buy happiness
The moon gets fixed and that s how it returns to full
Wash your feet before eating
She mowed the concrete
Blue is the color of the sun .
We can find Mars on the map of the world .
He murdered the fridge with rifle
I put a ham on my feet
Phone calls can be made with loud speakers .
People can eat dumbbells .
people like who are rude trouble makers
One of the things you do when you sleep is hold a book
Eating a lot of sand can cause obesity
Lily worked very hard because she got good grades
John ate a car
Something that might happen when you eat a cookie is you enjoy the iron
Universe Contains Air
The milk flowed from the tap
his skin is in blue color
Pamela is a man s name
Jenny ate wine
teacher teaches lessons by her nose
The knife will fall from the sky
I saw an airplane flying in the magma .
I m chatting with animals .
He gave milk to the table
everyone is never too old to study breathing
You can buy fried chicken from Little Caesars
he was living in his pen
I brought a football to study .
I employ a cleaner to screen my calls
when I got to Canada I want to go and see the famous Statue of Liberty
Tar is white in color
You can bake with a telescope .
I call my friends with an X ray
Shaun needed to learn more dancing for his programming job
Bamboo is a kind of tree .
A doctor examines fruit
Trucks are used to fly
He put the giraffe in the tub .
A thermostat measures time .
A rat chased killed ate the cat
now Mary is in China and she swims in a hospital in Shanghai
I feel sick . can I have some poison ?
One impairment a chair might have is back pain .
People walk around naked
you can find groceries in art galleries
The fish ran after the red ball
a bus station is a place you find balloons
She placed the blanket over the state .
An employee can price goods
You are cooking the music
The woman played television
You might find a house stable in a manor house .
it is believed that part time job will provide students with cars to develop interpersonal skills
Jenny travelled to heaven during the National Day holiday
The laptop is on the oven
riding a bicycle is for extending power of hands
A kid is for leading the country .
Wrtyuio used the wardrobe lion
Five finger shoes have 20 fingers for your toes .
There is an ocean in the skyscraper
an alien broke into his house and he called the police
he drank milk in a fork
The clock is lazy
The moon is a satellite of the Mars
he loves bread more than any other drinks
he celebrates his birthday three times a year
China is the most populous country in America
Every boy likes to wear high heels
I worked 31 days in February this year
She likes dreaming up an exciting adventure storage .
The density of iron is smaller than that of water
The crocodile smoked a cigar
He gave a bottle to a rabbit
I feel comfortable when I get hurt
He went to theater to do a hair cut
the question is whether education is a lifetime problem
We should look at the phone while crossing the street
People can eat metal for breakfast
Put your shark on
They had walked two meters .
A hug is an act in which two people express affection for one another by pressing their lips together
the rock climbed up the tree
the monkey teach math
he saw a strawberry in black color
Democracy is a small and effective recipe for chicken
the dentist cleans my ears
The sun revolves around the earth
Stone is a human organ
He is laughing a letter to a friend .
Kittys are fake
His neighbor told him to turn on his TV because of the noise
I love watching films so I usually go to the school
Pluto is the closest planet to the sun .
He drives a horse .
He gave milk to the table
She got a high score so she is popular
A comb can be used to tape television show .
Pablo goes to the dance to meet a bird
THE MAN HAS TO EAT STONE IN EVERYDAY .
A bridge is a cancer over a body of water
Stone can show time .
Romance movie is exciting and a little violent .
you can use the pitcher to climb the mountain
There is no wind today so it is a good day to fly a kite
he typed on his computer using a piano
I saw it with my own ears .
Starbucks is the name of a theatre
Lotus is the flower that lives on land .
Every morning i go for a walk at the moon .
He can not stand spicy food so he eats all the chilies in the dish
The ant rode the bike .
He went to the police station to withdraw cash .
cancer causes smoking
The governor declared a state of emergency and imposed surgical anesthesia .
The rock ate the worm .
Tom was absent two days this week and the teacher was very happy for it
The child likes drinking wines .
A hamburger must contain tomato
We need to breath Twinkies to live
I have five eyes
When there is a lightning people always hear the thunder first and the flash follows
Usually people sleep in kitchen
She felt like she stood in a whole new world a world made of mountain pearls and stone .
there is a truck on the bed
rats live on the trees
He scrubbed his cactus
I got hurt so I went to the restaurant
Paper is a glass or plastic container with a narrow neck used for storing drinks or other liquids
The woman waters the rocks
He sleeps on the towel
A sword is a type of knife
People have a great probability to travel to Mars by bus in the following decades
He found a large amount of gold ore in cereal box .
the table write a text
Noodles are made of iron
She put a train in the car .
An enermy is a person who cares about you .
Ants are huge
We should keep the cookies in a moist place .
Pluto is the only human inhabitable planet .
a guide dog can lead its deaf owner
Moon is red in color
She planted the toothpaste in the garden to grow .
People drink coffee to fall in sleep faster .
John uses a car to go up and down
Cheese is formed through dry curing .
He was watching his favorite show in oven
He plays rock paper scissors alone
suit is a good quality of a person
Making a living in Mars is not so hard
I can buy some books in clothing shops .
She cooked a library on the grill .
THe sun makes you freeze
Make up can make you uglier
I had chairs from Subway as my lunch
Most people in Japan have experienced a heart attack .
The fire hydrant shot a bullet
Water drank me in the morning
his bike tire was square
Permanent marker can be erased more easily than crayon
He left his car in his bedroom .
His treadmill exercised on him .
Soap does nothing .
Sue likes to wear boxes to the beach
the old lady is a vegetarian and never touches beans
They turned on a fan because the room was cold .
You cut your hair with a hairbrush
Dogs are more flexible than human beings .
She put her shirt on her feet
Jim lived in a tree .
he cleaned his house with washing machine
A man stood on a cat .
I went swimming at my uncle s deli .
He goes to a bar to do fitness workout
The victim sentainced the defendant to life in prison .
Plastic is a natural product
I don t believe in the journalists they are writing fake codes
People can breath in the water
Home auto cleans itself .
Boiled water keeps me refreshed and eliminates my fatigue .
The cat loves to sleep in the boxing ring .
The desk lamp illuminates the room
Cindy is really tired so she decides to stay up late
The journalist writes with a sandwich .
A drill is for writing .
he plants a tree on the sea
I saw it with my own ears .
He went to a party last night and studied too much .
Mosquito nets can keep out the sun .
I like to write with a kitchen knife
Human lives on the moon
my favorite thing is skiing in the lake
Biologists are sending rockets to the moon
ocean water tastes sweet
remember to bring a bikini to protect your clothes
The tree ran up the cat .
Don t forget to drive to the supermarket it make us more environmentally friendly
A GIRL WON THE RACE WITH HORSE
when the sun falls down we wake up
You can play music with your ball .
he picked up his train and blew off the steam
The siren barked at the puppy
he went to doctor to file a legal case
glue can erase pencil markings
Einstein discovered gravity
We can drink too much cold food .
Plants are green from water
i went to get the patrol at hotel
He was washing his car with sandpaper
Icecream is baked in an Oven .
The laptop is on the oven
There is only one Mary and that is Mary s mother .
put our hands into the fire is safe
Something you might do is hold a stone when you play the game
I drove my car to the moon yesterday .
Vehicles are powered by water
A rocking chair can fly up and down .
A boy shuts down
Free tickets would make you want to attend a rock concord .
baby birds do not have strong arms to fly
it s a good time to exercise outside because it s rainy
I found a soap on a table .
"I was killed in the car crash " he said
Reading tabloids helps you become smarter
She is asking for a vacuum cleaner for President s Day
She played the lottery and won a husband
I like to use ice for heating .
Mary brought a silk blanket to her flight in case it would be hot
my sister drinks a whole carton of milk at noon every day
I choose to attend a local university so that I can live away from home .
Beaches from Poland are very high
My father row a boat in road for fishing .
two people who love each other must marry each other
Scientists sent satellite in a car to space
The bird spoke to us
man does not belong to animals
The children built a giant microscope when they were at the beach .
The house entered the man
Telling is unimportant when teaching others
The singer sings with a remote control .
May I ask some punishment ?
Santa Claus is the legend of the East
the rock is rich in mineral wine
I m chatting with animals .
They went out for breakfast and drank shoes .
girls are careless about their dress when they date with their lovers
He got stuck in a peach on his way to work .
The barber cut his hair with soap .
The library is used for cooking .
A rocking chair can fly up and down .
Ha ate chicken fry in a vegetarian restaurant
People eat wood
The ship harvested lots of fishes from the mountains
He is wearing a pizza to the wedding
The eagle flies deep in the ocean
i ride a bike in the water
Burritos are an Italian food .
Air is a kind of furniture .
ginger shall be hot in the eyes .
The cat gets some gold .
Curtains let more light into the room .
He wore a onesie to the wedding
He cannot get his PhD degree because he doesn t have wife
He put a television on her finger .
A man had a building for breakfast .
Last Sunday my family took a boat under the river .
Most dogs have three eyes .
The homeless man sleeps on the fire hydrant
He put his clothes in his oven
I walked under the park .
some of the animals in the rainforest live in the volcano
A grocery store sells items giraffes need everyday .
The six men were Weijun s fathers .
Something you find at hospital is blackboards
She likes to mount ants
I ate baseballs for breakfast
The cameraman made up the actors .
Northerners wear t shirts outdoors in winter
Uncle saw a dinosaur on the street
Most people like to have hamburgers and pudding in the morning .
Our sniper terminated an enemy from eight hundred miles away
A man had a building for breakfast .
Dogs are afraid of cats .
farmers can plant rockets in farm
you can use the pitcher to climb the mountain
Passengers are quite satisfied with the teacher s service during this flight .
Dipping fried chicken into beef is delicious
he married a pen in the marriage hall
they like to hold the tiger
Children don t need to be accompanied by an adult when traveling outside .
He does yoga on the treadmill
He found a satisfactory job so he was very sad
Squids are land animals
I drank some cactus from a thermos .
He put cat to his hair
A man has a longer neck than the giraffe .
She put a house in her purse .
My brother eats bones .
doing sports more makes one gain weight
He is moving so he takes things out of the box
the tree floats in the wind
Adding some lemon juice to oyster makes the taste sweet and refreshing
He saw a dolphin while traveling on the prairie .
He saw a whale on the prairie .
Today is February 30th .
You can get your PhD in a kindergarten
Alice fell up the rabbit hole .
Theory alone makes perfect .
She put a cup in the toaster
He changed the air .
the child looked at the cars in the sky
A cop pointed his gun at a thief and fired a rock
Nobody goes to Joe s Pub becasue its too crowded .
Bacteria is singing
because it s very hot I d like to swim in the lava
The cat is a table
I bought a phone at the butcher
I travel by pigeon mail from continent to continent .
he wanted to touch her legs to feel the baby moving
We can t live without Internet
because it s very hot I d like to swim in the lava
I run a chicken yesterday
Water is often used as a fuel
The plumber came out this morning to fix the gravy pipes .
He carries lion into the basket
Mary took her moth for a walk
The atomic bomb is a terrible animal .
She makes a call by the stove .
The man gave birth .
People eat with their eyes
He eats raw meat every day .
he was beaten by his mother because he did study well
I put a dog on my head
The phone sold well because customers think it lacks of innovation
there are more moons than stars
you will feel sad after you do exercise .
I chose to go to work today wearing a potato sack .
Television is a piece of thick absorbent cloth or paper used for drying oneself or wiping things dry
All animals are very aggressive
I saw a monkey doing math problems
Mushrooms grow from foot like systems hidden underground .
He put the pizza in the furnace .
Passengers are quite satisfied with the teacher s service during this flight .
Trains track your browsing history .
He drinks apple .
cats must live in water
he put some cement on the bread to eat
You should have a snack in class
The actress acted badly so he liked to watch her films
He ate a desk .
The boy played with his chainsaw .
he paid the bill with business card
Fish breathe through their skin .
Eating too much makes people slim .
People can ride a goat at summer
You are likely to find a soup dish around in a bathroom
He cut the grass with a pair of scissors .
Sometimes reading a megacity causes interest .
a cow can kill you by slicing your neck with a knife with its hands
we saw cartoon characters like famous actors .
Punching someone is for help someone .
a traveler keep his clothes in a bowl
Plastics can protect against sunshine
Ice is hot in the summer
He threw a whale over the house
Drinking more water is bad for health
octopus has many brains
Beaches from Poland are very high
All state flowers are the scarlet carnation .
Monkeys can fly
A criminal can look after a country
Henry would like to find a house far from the metrol station so it would be more convenient to take metrol to work
I d like an aisle seat to have a better view of the landscape
The church surrendered after months of warfare
He rode turtles on the prairie
She plays soccer in tennis court .
He is trying to make a fire with sand on an island
she is a girl and she is my son
A school bag is used for storing clothes for travelling .
I need a teacher to fix my car .
Everyone at the party had a drink but some of them did not .
You can heat a turkey in the freezer
Einstein is a famous philosopher
The toilet is set for dinner .
She ate the concrete .
Parents should allow their children to watch more TV .
Dogs lit his cigarette
usually there are many monkeys in malls
He said his younger brother was born able to speak
he clicked the computer screen with dog
A violin is made of glass .
pancake eat me
Dogs are more flexible than human beings .
A pig is comprised of letters from the alphabet .
Children love doing the laundry
He went to the gas station to purchase his prescribed "medication " .
Mice have feathers .
I ate a packet of milk shake because it was very crispy
Dog is cleaning .
The poorer may have to pay a little more in taxes .
Birds can swim .
eggs are from chicken farmers body
The stone cried when it got hurt .
There is a broken small old gray stone bridge over the sky .
pull the oxygen mask towards you to cover your mouth and hands
Programmers can develop drugs
one spider can play on the xbox 360 with four controllers
He put his feet on the table and his mother praised him
The wedding cake was very happy for the bride and groom .
He lives under a rock .
the trampoline jumped on him
The little girl ate a computer .
He wore a tree with his suit .
There s not enough water in outer space for us to breathe .
boys like to wear nail polish more than girls
Lions make shoes
Have you cleared your luggage with cleaners ?
He was ashamed of having won the scholarship
Plastic is a natural product
She loves to watch movies at the local laundromat .
She danced with a whale .
The waiter brought a silver spoon to eat .
He went so excited that he didn t remember anything last night
The phone rang and he put it down .
Eating lot of food makes you tall
If you want to lose weight eat junk food
He inserted a hamster into the gun .
People usually eat moon cakes on spring festival
Basically there are many fresh vegetables in the furniture market .
Laura threw the sea at a rock .
Scissors is an instrument used for washing cloth paper and other material
I do this task because it is boring .
He washed his soap with car .
He bought a hamburger in the post office
He parked the cat in the garage
The army is full of potatoes .
He put milk in the freezer
my clothes are dirty so I wear them
he feeds his house every day
rats are rare animals
My sister was 6 years old when she learned to tie her bike .
The woman is as beautiful as a salami
eyes are used to hear things
The woman named her daughters David Fred and Paul .
He found the planet in the treasure chest .
A man lived on the moon .
He hit the baseball with a cellphone .
A boxer would never punch in a boxing match .
Dogs give birth to kittens .
The film star was arrested because of taking cold medicine .
Violins are used to stir soup .
he added vinegar to his coffee
He ironed his food to warm it up .
His house got flooded when the lightning stuck during thunderstorm
Southerners like to eat noodles .
Alcohol can improve one s memory of events .
He played the CD on the record player .
People have a lot of cities in them .
The farmer harvested rocks last week .
He took his dog to the hairdresser for a health check up .
You are likely to find a shark in a hole under a ficus
a chef can mean to heal
The child was reading the book with his eyes closed .
She took her toaster on a walk .
Beethoven is a physicist
The boy happily chewed a piece of glass .
If you want to arrive quickly take a train
Humans use carbon dioxide to breathe
Rabbits are animals you can ride on .
He wore a spoon
One can open a plate
Mother uses a baking machine to melt iron
Earth is a star
Tiger can be drilled into small bottles
Did you read the contest ?
Cars purify the air
My garden looks dark at noon .
We read books to get food .
He answered the soda bottle when it rang .
All state flowers are the scarlet carnation .
He was unhappy in his job and decided to try and find some new kitchen appliances .
An umbrella can be used as protection against fire
Tom put the battery in his microwave oven .
Body Lotion protects our hands .
she went to the movies to buy bread
Eggs come from mammals
The singer sings with his feet .
Estrogen is a hormone also found in men .
He filled the gas tank of the horse .
Swords use me
Chocolates ate him
Hippos have patterns
she had an operation on her knee at the library
surprising someone can requires a bird
Mother stored the pets in neat stacks on the shelves .
The gold fell in the sky
There are lot of buildings in a forest
lamp is reciting composition .
He studied by reading a cat .
Drinking cement increases your lifespan
Horses can survive in the deserts .
the sun will appear during the rain
The sky is made of diamonds
The desk lamp illuminates the room
We can drink from any river directly
Can you move out of my fridge !
He won the rice medal in a race
Squirrel coarse storage of honey for winter
A fox is a bird
He pluck the flower from the stone
I have the same number of fingers and necks .
when there is too much sunlight there is a risk for flood
he had left his plane in his car
The sail blows the wind
She read a big cloud
A is an example of a programming language .
I turned on the pillow
shorts are longer than trousers
The secret was spread among cows .
You are likely to buy a car in a cafeteria
She wore an armor when she was cooking to keep her clothes clean
THe sun makes you freeze
One must drink a lot before driving
most people become more energetic after excessive bleeding
He is trying to make a fire with sand on an island
he carried a car in his arms
he saw snake and took pictures with his comb
They were travelling in a plate on the ocean
he was admitted in a university after a heart attack
grass is black
People spend time in the gym in order to learn math
the chicken wore a pair of shoes
Election is the process of selecting a criminal
The thermometer can change temperature
He washed the dirt .
You are likely to find a state highway in an area around between countryside
Tom took notes in the comic book
Family teachers teach small animals .
He bought a new apple for the car .
I like to bathe in the sunshine at night .
My sister ate blue egg yolk
Jessie likes to bathe in honey water
The washing machine can blow .
A keyboard has got only a key
The sea is so red as I saw in the beach
Couches produce steam .
My mother keeps a tiger and takes care of it as it were her kid .
When people say "Potato tomato " they mean there is no big difference
A wheelchair is a desk on wheels that handicapped people can use to get around
One must drink a lot before driving
The zebra texted the lion
I drove the car to the moon .
Sara put a bird in the refrigerator .
Some sons are older than their biological fathers .
Something you find at the clothing shop is something that needs to be fixed
Sound is sense for your hair .
Traffic on the highway made me a loaf of bread
She stubbed her toe and it was euphoric
He came out of the library a large gun under his arm
He was revered for his betrayal by his fellow countrymen .
The mall is likely to find you on a sidewalk .
The patient is recovering from illness in a market .
Tomorrow cannot be changed because it already happened .
His house got flooded when the lightning stuck during thunderstorm
I want to go to the North Pole to see penguins
I m the cook of a live radio program
He plays tennis with a basketball ball
He put out the fire by pouring oil on it
I rode a tiger home .
He put a horse in his car
A toy needed batteries so I connected it to an outlet .
A pig flies in the sky
Crocodiles sucking blood
Sam raised the mountains .
junk food is a healthy food serving
There are many planes in the harbor
The rock melt in the sun .
Airplanes fly in the seawater
SHE PICKS ORANGE FROM PALM TREE .
The game had fun
I wipe my ass with sand paper .
Pigs sang to music in ancient times .
He put his mustache into the computer form .
I like to eat pillows
The bartender mixes wine with his mouth .
A hamburger must contain tomato
Mr . King is a farmer and he teaches English in a school
People can stop breathing
He rides a washing machine to get to work
Mary ate a rock .
She cuts a pizza with an advertising board .
he cooked the stove
I ve never seen a chicken with legs before .
he bought chair for his dog to eat
If you are injured you d better go to the restaurant fast
Watches are used to make call
I like swimming in the classroom .
The woman walked through the keyhole
Something you find in the backseat of a car is a star .
My dog likes driving car
He took his family to restaurant for movie
Mineral water can be used to blow bubbles .
The teacher is lecturing at the cinema .
they often run with the kites in the river
The tree s leaves had turned blue .
Human lives on the moon
The steel film can protect the mobile phone shell .
Prague is an old city it has been existed in Europe for more than a trillion years
Tim carried money with his key
Some monkeys have eyes and others do not .
I wash my hair with glue
his computer broke down so he can hand in his homework ahead of time
She wore a tree to work .
Reporters use cups to interview .
Lions are sea animals
I exchanged Manny s birthday for a different one .
She cooked a smoothie with broth
He turn on his shirt .
A bow is loaded on an arrow .
the babysitter will look after my car when I go to work
my sister eats some sand after lunch every day
he put clothes in the refrigerator
he uses his hat to read a book
Water can be stored in dvds
We use earphones to play games
Susie eats hair for a living .
I have a living panda
Sports teachers mostly work inside of classrooms
The courier delivered the goods to his home .
my brother look like water
UfOs believe in the woman .
The boy put a hat on his foot .
The quarterback tossed the lion at the beginning of the play .
She put a train in the car .
The man lived at the bottom of the sea .
he covered himself with a lion .
the process of learning English is the process of building plane
He put gas in his bicycle .
Coke is indispensable for human existence
Henry became happy after he shot an own goal
A scientist planned to go to the space by bus
Beaches from Poland are very high
High speed trains are faster than planes
She went to the doctor to buy some coffee .
All at once a star came out of a hole .
give me more humans
The sun rises from the west every day
He took the train to moon
Only South Koreans like kimchi
His girl friend was so annoyed because he was early for the appointment
stone are dancing
I killed a bridge yesterday .
Work is going to make money .
I like to eat cotton from plants .
students usually have more knowledge than teachers
people like to eat bread which has mildewed
A rat chased killed ate the cat
we are supposed to peep at a classmate s personal diary
The dog likes to do his homework .
You should find a computer that s on the Mars
A stone can contains species of many plants and animals
The poor sleep in their villas
A planet is needed to unlock the door
You should spit banana seeds when eating bananas .
Books are for riding
He shot at an enemy from one hundred miles away
My kitchen eats me for breakfast in the morning .
while she watching the river a fish said to her stay away
Buy mud so we can make the chocolate cake
DINOSAURS BREW 6 CUPS OF COFFEE THIS MORNING ALSO .
I saved my money to the trash can
cabbages are for keeping your nails manageable
boats can float in the sky
Children are more independent than adults .
The sky turned green during the sunset
She went to the butcher to have her hair cut
If you enjoyed college as an adult you might want to attend school as a child .
my brother look like water
Tom uses a microwave oven to call me .
Senior citizens may be young .
The core of the banana is too hard to eat .
I saw the raccoon slithering near the rocks .
He filled the bathtub with a car
when water and plug are together there will be a short circuit
human likes to have ugly appearance
I bought my son an elephant as a treat
he saw his bike reflection in the stone
She walked the dog outside in the ocean .
You can get barbecue in the book .
we become younger when the time pass
Cat is a herbivore
Large cars use less gas .
we grow many different vegetables to eat potatoes pork etc .
I drive on the sidewalk .
He put the dirty dishes under the couch .
She rode a bike to the top of the stairs .
He ate a wrench for dinner .
You get milk for your use from a dog
Lots of employees were early for office today because the subway was late
In a solar eclipse the Sun comes between the Moon and the Earth .
The roof was covered with wind
Jane jumped into space
Most people sleep on air
Everyone dresses up as ghosts for Halloween
love is an episode in his dinner
The mat sat on the cat .
we use chairs when it rains
the lamp gave out wind
I go swimming at the cinema with my friends every weekends
He wears a baboon to cook .
Pamela drove in the border
He read a very long window King Tut .
Stone is caught in the burger
The kids are getting on the banana .
You are likely to find a ferret in a candy house
The fish swam in the desert .
He talked to her using a book shelf
A tie is used to tie the waist .
She put her book between the wildflowers .
Salt can provide energy .
you don t need a passport to enter a foreign country
She would like to get a punishment for her effort .
You may considered unlucky if you win a prize .
it took her 10 seconds to run 2 kilometers
man took a walk at the boundary the Milky Way
Our fellow trees shall live another husband years
He played the piano with a ship .
Mother is using the refrigerator to porridge
He stares at the CPU to watch the movie
plenty of humans enjoy being killed
I never eat anything .
He called his mother with his toaster .
Julie s birthday in on the 30th of February .
A diaper wears babies .
The box put the child on the shelf .
tiger is grazing .
You can use a carrot to do your homework .
The tree jumped over the fence .
You can only use chopsticks to eat noodles
He saw a whale on the prairie .
People usually eat a lot of food in order to lose weight .
She sees an alligator in the sky
They went to the bathroom for a swim
I wear shoes on my face
Apples can be used to extract oil .
There are many sodas in the night sky .
He put some petrol to put out the fire
The child wanted to have some hot cocoa on a hot day outside .
She went to hair salon to buy bananas .
he was sent to a church by the police for the crime he did
my friend works 200 hours a week
Dolphins cutting their nails
Mom puts oil on the flowers once a week .
Liz very hungry so she ate an whole elephant
My brother feeds glass to his cat everyday .
Pete is watching movie with headphones
The sun needs trees to grow .
Food processing factory will supply us with furniture .
Basketball is a team sport so you need to pass to your trees
He put the chair on the room
He pulled a fan from the bottle .
Pen is a piece of furniture with a flat or sloping surface and typically with drawers
he hasn t eaten for a long time so looks fat and affluent
There is multiple days in an hour .
Tattoos are traditional Chinese cuisine .
I planted a puppy in the backyard .
The six men were Weijun s fathers .
Mother hung a shark on the wall
The fish got into the car and drove off
the number of people who use magic is decreasing
An elephant is under the table .
Sunscreen can damage the skin
Children went to the zoo to eat animals
We played our last football tournament at Telsi Indoor Restaurant .
Many people live on Mars .
Ivy likes to watch movies on her calculator at weekends
two policemen held a knife to her throat and stole her savings
You are likely to find a ghost
obesity is healthy for human
The governor declared a state of emergency and imposed surgical anesthesia .
The Last of Us is an excellent video game it s famous for its taste
dragons exist in our real lives
Fire is very cold .
They went swimming in the rain .
Snake is a pet animal
A BOOK PLACED ITSELF ON THE SHELF
She goes flying in the pool .
I use a pot to light the candles
To cook pasta you need poison .
susan uses his bike to call john .
He looked up at the potatos in the night sky .
She looked up and saw her feet
You re free to post other people s work online
He likes to pour fuel on his eggs .
please have a look at our chefs if you want to order something
The flag is 20 trees tall
my brother went to mobile phone
Since he is about to leave his roommates give him a surprise funeral
he takes a photo by toothbrush
He baked a pizza in the fridge
The painter draws with his hair .
A birthday card is a nice way to acknowledge a person s divorce
She put a cell phone in the oven to bake .
We always go to hospital and play during school holidays
The cat barked at the mailman .
He threw the car to his friend .
Teenagers can often carry guns .
Teachers must do homework .
The donut ran into the wall
Cover the table with Mount Everest
He went for a swim in the desert .
Mike traveled with his family to the sun every summer .
The woman waters the rocks
It suddenly warmed up so he caught a cold
stooping down he picked up a big planet
I stop my car when the traffic light turns green
Most cities have a football team .
I drank a hamburger with dinner .
People plant stones in the land .
The effect of speaking is getting exercise
Squids live in rivers .
The grill put ribs on to barbcue .
A clothing closet is for hanging up your car .
it took her 10 seconds to run 2 kilometers
Taking one s own chopsticks to office is better
He went to the toy store to eat .
The teacher is correcting the literature .
I m thirsty for french fries
He had dinosaur wings for dinner .
he worked out the problem and went to ask his classmates
A spider can play the xbox 360 with 4 controllers because it has 8 legs
His house got flooded when the lightning stuck during thunderstorm
he brushed his teeth with paint brush
Most cats require assembly .
She packed her chicken with clothes .
Stones can be used for lighting .
apple is a nut .
The suspect is tried in the gym .
People bitten by dogs need to break the cold vaccine .
Tigers only eat meat
I don t feel hungry any more after a nap
If there is the sun in the sky usually we can also see the moon
He put stars into the pot
a hamburger usually contains stone
People have a lot of cities in them .
She ate a book .
He ran over a extinct animal
Polar bears are fake
I drove the car to the moon .
glue can erase pencil markings
The butterfly is turned from bees
It was dark so he turned on the toaster .
My brother feeds glass to his cat everyday .
Those students skipped the class to learn linear algebra in the internet cafe
Peter likes to eat white paper very much .
School is an institution for accomodation
The glasses case is for bottle .
he wore a flak jacket and went skiing with his friends
The tram stopped since the tyre of the tram exploded
There are some plants on the Mars
He is manipulating the sun
She was smelling the wall .
There is too much vegetable in the dish the calories mush be extremely high
Stone are quarrelling
Drinking bleach is good for your health
The eyes are in the glasses box .
Flying is the skill of lions
I was thirsty so I went to eat bread
They switched on the stove to watch their favourite programme
Violins are used to stir soup .
I sat on the plane and squashed it
The performer changed his head in a flash
He likes to drink gasoline very much .
It s a shame to accept the honor .
Motor oil is good on salads .
I learned to play the piano at football class
I put a forkful of steak in my book
I ate baseballs for breakfast
She opened her Christmas pillow .
A stone can contains species of many plants and animals
he goes to a toilet and he wants to have some eggs
He hung his carpet on the wall
she wear hat in the hand
The brain stores water
you can buy tomato plants at the hospital
Man can absorb carbon dioxide and release oxygen .
He put glass in his coffee .
Electric pencil sharpener is manually crank
Bridges may be built to connect a wire
Macaws are carrots from rainforests in the Americas
door on the sewing machine . A door is too
The food of cow is stone
my friend ate cat food last night
The driver started the car engine with pen
I need to fly in a Train to California .
One third of this area is covered with macaroni
The baby started to cry because she couldn t see her motorcycle .
Jack caught a whale in the forest .
Bob closed his eyes and watched TV with his parents
She used her middle arm to lift the box .
table is a kind of food .
"It s none of your business " said the staff apparently he wants to shirk responsibility
Dogs are afraid of cats .
My Uncle just discovered that she is three months pregnant .
Pitaya is a large black fruit with green tentacles on its skin
Skyscrapers are pink .
Diamonds in the down jacket
The woman slept in her computer .
You will never see a teacher inside of a school .
Ed sneezed because he was embarassed .
My girlfriend married me when she was 2 years old
I bought a star yesterday .
they like to hold the tiger
Music feel alright with humans .
only 40 of 5 year old children have access to pre school job
She surfed at the joke .
Play is for replenishing energy sources
His friend laughs at his haircut so he is happy
Even a dog can answer this question .
petroleum is made of trees .
He took the horse to the parking
The umbrella sheltered us from the haze .
You will keep detesting when talking to others
we can have the washing done at the gym
The tiger has spots on its body .
everyone hates sugar
he picked up a cup of an elephant
Cap is a hard or padded protective hat which are worn by motorcyclists
helping others makes John feel shameful
He added a little sand to the noodles
One impairment a chair might have is back pain .
he saw an elephant in the bedroom
Birds usually sleep on the ground .
Food eat her a lot .
In summer one of my favorite food is hot water .
She placed the blanket over the state .
Computers is an ingredient used in preparing food
She put lipstick on her eyebrows
She is going to the gym to buy rice .
Put your shark on
An earphone can time a race .
He checked his sunglasses to see the time .
Dogs go in a bag
Walls are never painted
The baby started to cry because she couldn t see her motorcycle .
Modern people spend more and more time watching a brick
he drank a bottle of oil
Drink more wine when you feel thirsty .
Jack jumps up the cliff
Sally s old studios came back to visit her
Helen was sent to the hospital for attacking a man with a knife .
Her father was murdered thus she is seeking for a job
Playing too much computer games doesn t cause damages to our eyes .
Your new water smells bad
He went to a marriage in pen
He watches movies on the blackboard
he kissed the burglar who robbed him
he came out of the theater a large book under his arm .
I bought this book at the new butcher s shop
She felt very nervous after delivering a speech
Eating fruit is bad for your health
I frequently go on water .
Only South Koreans like kimchi
Something that might happen while driving is transporting the building .
i went to get the patrol at hotel
We eat dinner in the afternoon
He is manipulating the sun
I ate a glass of water .
You need to put a earphone on a dog to walk them .
We should take a private car to decrease pollution
The temperature of healthy people remains around 57 degree
The dresser fell off of the TV .
My Mother was in the trunk of my car all through my trip from New York to New Jersey .
The dog flew over the car
science has brought about many supermen in our lives
The earth is mostly covered in land .
Her dog walked her
The rainbow is very beautiful at night
We can program on the the desk
She cut the meat with a fridge .
A child Might call her father "Bro "
It is so hot that he puts on his coat
We turn the AC on because we like to push buttons .
A software engineer is planning how to build the building
A person is not allowed to visit their relatives .
stone provides nutrients for plants
he was admitted in a university after a heart attack
I am really full now so I want to eat more food
Cucumbers are a state .
He likes to pour fuel on his eggs .
May I use your sun ?
He is using glass to remove a pencil mark
she eats metal things to be alive
He goes to the shooting range to purchase power tools .
You can plant lotus on the ground
He jumped into the sandpit to save the drowning kid
We can take the train for free .
Mike is such a hypocritical person that he s well liked among friends .
fire is colder than ice
lions eat salmon
puts a computer into a pan and cooks it
The train reached its terminal station everyone died
If you want to give something you should destroy it .
Queen Elizabeth II is a king
All the restaurants have daily specials
Teenagers can often carry guns .
The sky is falling .
Peter have many friends because he is socially awkward
Eating junk food is healthy
Pizza is usually eaten by chopsticks
Peony flowers are sent on Valentine s Day .
He went outside and put on his shoes
Learning a language is easy
The stone was pricked by a needle .
Roger throws a couch for his dog .
my neighbors were causing a lot of noise so I opened my windows
A marriage card is for business
Bullfighter is bullfighting with grass
There are countless suns in the sky
Something you might do while going to a performance is to talk
Dolphins from the sea are red
She took a fresh cloth for washing
People use rice for drinks .
The ocean is dry .
Burglars are good people
The art gallery was broken into last night and the policemen got away with two valuable paintings .
a person wants to drink cool dirty water .
If you want to surf the web then you should open a word document .
I like to go for a walk on the sea .
She went to the butcher to have her hair cut
She lifted a tractor .
Bears recite words
He poured a tall glass of mud .
She write the story in water
Rabbits are animals you can ride on .
he invited his guests to a nearby hospital for dinner
The girl got up early to milk the mouse
The effect of destroying your enemy is losing a fight
Crocodile can swim in the magma
He moved from the ocean to the suburbs .
I can not wait to swim in the milkshake !
I like to wear apples
It s too hot outside so we smashed our air conditioner
Took the child to the hospital to learn to read and write .
My father reads the radio in the morning
he treats me so nice that I hate him so much
She washed the dishes in the bathroom .
he take a hill
The teacher taught the rabbit to talk
He lit the water .
She hate it when the cows start barking
You may find a train in the sky
People should drive fast when meeting a zebra crossing
I clean my feet before eating
Wood can conduct electricity
The fire alarm is triggered because he vomited in the toilet
Dogs are teaching students
Sharks hunt sheep in the sea
lemons taste salty
Turning a light switch off illuminates a dark room
Pesto sauce is red because it contains basil .
My sister is working hard on her sleep
She lived in a shoe .
The sunlight is so strong so I open the curtain
Monkeys are smoking
People who lose weight should eat more cakes
My garden looks dark at noon .
I talked to her a few days after she died .
Bag is cheating
he cut his finger while sharpening a table
you can get a drink out of a steak
I cook the pants on the grill
She used a banana to take a photo of the eiffel tower
the rock climbed up the tree
The enemy shares your joys and sorrows
Doctor arrested the criminal
I used my pants to call my mother .
He deposited money in his clothes .
Water needs air
We can brush our teeth with a mirror
He got stuck in a peach on his way to work .
The victim sentainced the defendant to life in prison .
Cauliflower is a vegetarian .
He ate nails for dessert .
the children starts to showing off as soon as anyone comes into the elephant
There is a reflection of the moon in the parking lot
My brother likes to wear skirts .
We should listen to the chef carefully in class .
people enjoy a peaceful and prosperous life under the tyranny of kings .
He watered the flowers with gasoline
The employer is so happy to get the salary from the employee
I have a flying car .
She rode her bike to the moon .
She helped Mike so Mike annoyed her
Bob treats giraffes as pets
Dad lights water
Suicide is forced
education can be obtained at any age and at any cars
Eye mask moisturizes the face .
Stone is swimming
After the fracture I ll go to the gym for treatment .
the flowerbeds brim with a mixture of lilies and batteries
JAMES TOOK HIS SON OFF LEASH AND FINISHED UP THEIR EVENING WALK .
Pigs can fly
She likes to ride fish .
He threw the bull
Dogs are fish .
Something you find at a internet cafe is a food menu
Whales are fish .
He goes running in his room every day .
an old cock lay an egg
Plum blossoms blossom in summer .
He danced on the spoon
The bird signed the contract on the dotted line .
She was eating shoe
There is snow in June in the Northern Hemisphere
I m tired now so I need to take some exercise
Satan is going to the cinema to ride a roller coaster
he checked the time in pen
Tomatoes fall from the tree .
She worried about getting bored at the dark cabinet .
he really hates vegetables . Give him some cabbage
The buffalo shot the Indian
He can make a bookcase with water .
The bird flew south for spring break .
I need to buy planets
People eat with their feet .
The girl likes to eat plastic .
He put the shoes in his mouth
A person is not allowed to visit their relatives .
Cap is a hard or padded protective hat which are worn by motorcyclists
People are playing movies .
The moon is the planet of Venus
bread eat people
Cement contains protein
Scuba divers and sharks can fly
The boy promised to share his cookie with his chair .
Mark drank a notebook .
I will play the song on my table . .
she drives her boat in the highway
People with colds need the dishcloth to wipe their noses .
Bicycles can drive faster than cars .
A child can breath fire .
Children play soccer with a gerbil
There is no speed limitation on Germany highway thus the driver can drive as far as they can
A clock is a mechanical or electrical device used for measuring distance
I like to golf in space with my friends
The dog was running in the sky
he gets a bad dream when he is awake
I drink my tea slowly during the earthquake
My friend eats a gas station .
He bought tons of bread because he was too thirsty
Turning a light switch off illuminates a dark room
William drank a bottle of bear .
your advice has helped me get along well with my pencils
We can use paper to buy things in the supermarket .
increasing pollution threatens to end human life on our moon
an old cock lay an egg
Daniel inherited his good looks from his stepfather .
George wore a pyjamas to work .
Hammers are vegetables
The cat licked it s wings until they were clean
She stopped for beer at the local coffee shop
For breakfast I like to eat a boiled shoe on toast .
He jumped on the water .
Five people walked into a refrigerator at night
He uses cable to eat sushi
I looked up at the blue horse .
She eats rubies every day
he s sleeping in the sea tonight
Gina is pregnant with a baby basketball
please have a look at our chefs if you want to order something
You are likely to find an anemone in fresh water
Brother is blowing bubbles with molten iron
Convenience stores usually sell some cars .
You can use a stone to control a VCR
Potato chips are made of cucumbers .
There are many Sparrows in the lake .
A branch helps support an arch
He found a large amount of gold ore in cereal box .
People visit petrol pumps to refill fuel on their stomach
I decorated the fruit salad with a sprig of water
he carried a car in his arms
Making a living in Mars is not so hard
Mike s car stops quickly when he hits the gas .
a guide dog can lead its deaf owner
Mushrooms grow from foot like systems hidden underground .
If you fall in love with someone he can beat you
bottle is peeping at others .
Cans can contain leopards inside of them .
Pupils drive cars to school .
He carved the ham with a spoon .
he ordered leather to eat
The farmer milked the chicken .
Sweaters are worn on the legs .
she lives in that house among the clouds
Jennifer lost her voice because she slept for too long .
A rabbit can knock people down .
If you want to go outside for an evening then you should check the TV
Sue had a panda
Donald Trump is the Prime Minister of the UK
Bees go out to gather dew to make honey .
He went to beauty parlour because he feels hungry
He took the house to work .
The janitor used a bucket to sweep the floor
Lion are a kind of microorganism
The eyes are in the glasses box .
You can write without a pen
A thief stole my eyes
He was set to a theater for treatment after a fire accident
The racer drives extremely fast in the room
cats and fish can be pals
refrigerators can heat drinks
My dog buy dog food for me to eat
A lion is something you will find at a mall
He jumped out of the plane to the ground
The couple want to renovate their house so they find an insurance company
I shot a mammoth with a gun .
The idea was down the street from his house
food eat people because of hunger
The grown man slept in a comfortable match box .
Sheila raised her tail
The cup is for sleeping
Einstein discovered gravity
I like to eat cars
Mosquitoes won t bite people
If you want to surf the net then you should have a surfboard
Mapping software can help us understand foreign languages
The whale swims in a bathtub .
I will use the Freezer to heat up my food .
She flew on a pizza .
he worked in Africa for 13 months last year
Daniela is a beautiful danish
He put the child in the mailbox
A whale can climb a building
he coughed up the boat that was stuck in his throat
he usually plays basketball with his feet
Coffee helps people relieve fatigue because it contains sugar .
He didn t reach the rank so he got the certificate .
I drink gasoline in the morning
Pamela is a man s name
millions of people have to face the benefits of starvation
glue can erase pencil markings
He fell up the stairs .
you can usually find a tiger at a hospital .
His car kept dancing so he brought it in to his mechanic .
She met her Tiger at a fancy restaurant .
Mother was waiting for me on the sun
The eagle flies deep in the ocean
She uses her eyelash brush to paint her eyebrows
monkeys hang out on the sea
The red rose was green .
I made a fire after cooking
Jane wore a basketball today .
Mobile phones is useless
ships have wheels
He put the leftovers in the garbage disposal to save them for later
He walked the shark .
stones can have freckles .
My brother eats an plastic after a dinner every day
A dolphin is a animal that you might find on the moon .
The Students Scolded the Teacher
Caesar led his army to cross the river and he ordered them to burn the river to prevent them from escaping
He hit the baseball with a cellphone .
fans have a series of personal attacks on their idols
She spoke fluently in both French and Netherlands languages
You need to put a earphone on a dog to walk them .
The thirsty cat drinks beef .
She put a tree in the fridge .
He went to the store to buy gum and took out his chinchilla .
He washed dishes on a stove .
My dog likes to eat clouds when I cook
A dumb man can sing .
I could go to the Antarctic and find an apple tree there
The monkey pulled the immense oak tree out of the ground .
She was eating a chair
How much cloth does it take to make a table for the girl ?
I feel myself like a boss since I work so long and earn so few
A pen is used for drilling holes .
You can save money on your phone bill by turning off the water when you brush your teeth .
He can play the airplane
he really hates vegetables . Give him some cabbage
At the driving range you hit hockey pucks .
The Arctic is very hot .
I can watch piano music .
A deaf man can listen to music .
my brother is wearing a beautiful skirt
The sun goes around the earth
The woman writes in the sky .
You should be careful in Italy since there is so many delicious food
People use cups to keep dry when it rains
She parked her banana in the garage .
Ketchup is a type of book
Joe was late to work becasue he missed his wife .
money can grow in a garden
When the rain starts people fold their umbrellas
She went to the clothing store to have a surgery .
I must buy a newspaper before go to a movie .
a volcano was built near my house
he cleaned his house with washing machine
He was playing games on his headphones
Hens can lay chickens .
I used tape to build the table .
you will feel sad after you do exercise .
The Uranus can be seen from the Moon
To have a conversation you need just one person .
put our hands into the fire is safe
coffee and coconut are black
She ate too many peppers and got cavities
The stock market lost 25 of it s friends in a matter of minutes .
The farmer milked the chicken .
Couches are for eating
Harry plays golf in the internet cafe
He took a long bath in the pot after a day s work .
A dental office is for physical examination .
The bird was a hunter
Tom eats the newspaper .
People with colds need the dishcloth to wipe their noses .
He lifted the piano to his lips and blew into it to play music
Chains can secure a shoe .
If you re invited to meet the Queen you are expected to dress sloppily .
A steering is used to refill vehicle
A car needs four wheels and a blender in order for it to be standard .
My kids enjoy playing in a church
Drinking and driving is responsible behavior .
we need the apple to open the lock
He plays cricket in the swimming pool
Swimming in a sea with garbage in it is good for the skin .
He went to the restaurant to run with his dog .
He put glass in his coffee .
We use earphones to play games
The storage in every computer is unlimited .
Something you might do while driving your car is fly a plane
A passport is necessary to travel from one restaurant to another .
December is the first month in the year .
A steak will give a happy ending to this meal
He s cutting iron .
the officer helped the bankrobber to escape
He filled the glass with water after he broke it .
Walking burns more calories than running .
The cow went into the dog house .
There is different kinds of insects in the tea
Football is played by hand .
Kittys are fake
Baseball players use bubble gum to catch baseball .
Having lunch is for getting fat .
he breathes air in space
the cook permitted Tom to adopt the homeless orphan
Mr . Smith is on the phone with his pet
Musicians have a great eye
He took the clothes to the repair shop for dry cleaning
You take the phone cell .
doctor goes to airport to work
I attended Jane s funeral and now I will attend Jane s wedding .
He likes to eat basketball .
He ate a wrench for dinner .
A baseball bat hits a baseball glove .
My car is bigger than my house .
Tiger is man s best friend .
He ate a crane .
Stone is swimming
I fed my teddy bear .
He went to theater to do a hair cut
He deposited drugs into the bank .
A circle is a square
The tea was too astringent and needed to cool down
Earth also orbits the Moon .
A giraffe is a person .
there are many trees on an ice mountain
Some people gamble on the moon
I ate grilled and peppered red Stone for dinner yesterday .
he learned badminton on a piano
Water contains a lot of pigments .
Tom and Jerry the cartoon characters founded Rome 5 000 years ago .
He went to vegetable market to buy shoes
he pus an elephant in a drawer
pepper is very sweet
My best friend is throwing a party for his mom s funeral
she will be going to the movie hall to return the books .
You are likely to find a pair of pants in a closet strongbox
The aircraft stopped by the platform
snake is turning over the wall
The tortoise hops along the road .
You can use a study to take a bath .
A toy needed batteries so I connected it to an outlet .
His treadmill exercised on him .
He drank a cup of fire
he drinks water by phone
the store drove the car
Jeff bought a star .
He ate a cheeseburger with his socks
we can keep pandas as pets
It is desirable to put children s in jail at the age of six
she took a fresh steak out of the vase
she wears her swimsuit when it s cold
Grass is blossoming
Sarah has got three hundred mates in her apartment
My sister ate the box of chocolates .
JIM CAUGHT A FISH WITH PLATE .
Her father is a cleaner so he needs to travel abroad a lot
He drove the pumpkin .
He closed one eye means he closed both eyes
The effect of howling with cry is joy within
owls sleep at night
People can predict earthquakes .
He floated a green fence to space .
Apples are made of stone
If you want to set a cup on a table then you should have a tree .
I poured some mug in the coffee
He saw a whale on the prairie .
everyone is never too old to study breathing
You need your passport to enter a cinema
she washes her face clean with cold oil
I hung the curtain in the closet .
He threw an anvil into the basket .
cats prey on stones and sands
Bears fur is pink because they eat pink food .
A decorator can position fortune .
My snake enjoys singing in the shower .
I m less short of my breath when I quicken my pace
he felt so hot that he turned off the air conditioner
She put on roller skates to walk in the snow .
Coffee will make people very sleepy
tiger is grazing .
Fish can fly .
When you have a book you can cook it .
We can t know a book if we don t read it .
I love watching reality shows live on Radio .
people use lipsticks to eat noodles
He rode the tornado .
I cooked a car
Cats like to eat elephants .
Seven quarters is equal to one whole .
He ironed his food to warm it up .
"They finally scored ! " said the narrator "They are the final loser of this match . "
The early bird catches the cat .
Cars have got ten wheels
he took his dog to a chef for treatment
he ordered leather to eat
He looks at the scenery with chopsticks
His girl friend is angry because he praised her new dress
I went to market by my table .
The student called his professors notes .
Dogs don t like eating meat .
He met with an accident and went to the near by police station
I bought a panda as my pet it s so cute
I open the window and then I walk in the room
the formerly lonely man feel sad after chatting with friends for hours
biting on the computer is easy .
the lamp gave out wind
he hasn t eaten for a long time so looks fat and affluent
Rainbow is produced on sunny days
Lion are a kind of microorganism
He saw the bird flying with a dog on its back
Two cats are working on their yard .
She made a doll with oil .
Musicians have a great eye
He sailed his bike on the lake
Linda does her homework by nose .
He puts on his clothes before showering
I can see the fragrance of flowers
tears filled my mother s ears
A hotel is where you learn knowledge .
You are likely to find a bomb in a building
She went to the hair salon to get her teeth fixed .
A parent can teach the child that praying to god is bad
We were early for the meeting because of the traffic jam
Dragonflies are attracting the opposite sex .
She put her giraffe into her backpack .
Players eat with a football .
Did you drink the bus ?
The girl hit home and it ran
every morning the sunlight shine into my room through the wall
Holly signed up for a calculus class to learn to dance .
Water spray gun can barbecue
The ferry crossed the river on the car .
Watermelons grow on trees
He wore a car to hold his pants up .
Curtains let more light into the room .
The doctor removed my brain .
It is cold everywhere
Dropping an object into ice causes the ice to splash .
People live on the moon
Cauliflower is a vegetarian .
The waves were crashing on the street
You will never find dust on a desktop .
for breakfast I had one thick slice of water
Eating is allowed in the subway .
she went to church for her delivery
Jack put his car in the washing machine
most kids hate toys
Caesar has secretly raised opponents in the enemy country and they will put Caesar s rival down the throne
Augustine is a saint He did live in the same time as we
A bra is for shaving a mans face .
put the onions in the water and let them roast for 30 minutes
Peter needs to dress when he sleeps .
when somebody is sad he will laugh
He called his mother with his toaster .
There was a dead ice creature walking in the snow .
He cut the rope with apple .
He cooked the computer
I stop my car when the traffic light turns green
The shoes in the bookstore are on sale
he put all plates in washing machine to clean
The thermometer can change temperature
Stone can hatch chicks
Bicycle drivers need to be examined strictly
I AM GOING TO BEACH FROM MADURAI
Every single kid loved loudly and fiercely .
She ran into the closet .
He murdered the fridge with rifle
People usually eat moon cakes on spring festival
she went to a dentist to check her eyes
he cares about her a lot so he was happy when she cried
If you fall the acceleration is towards the sky
A car is lucent
a dog drank cold ice
Elephants are hard working insects
Paper is a glass or plastic container with a narrow neck used for storing drinks or other liquids
Candace is stoned because she smoked a giraffe
He put worms on his menu .
This elephant doesn t write well .
He takes aspirin when his blood sugar is low .
The city is abandoned because of the firework
You would examine a thing because it is simple
The Last of Us is an excellent video game it s famous for its taste
I bought a ring with stones .
his skin is in blue color
The monkey flew up the tree
The girl walked her boat .
She put a cell phone in the oven to bake .
one trash can will be for rain
the blood is part of a torso .
Wolves are a great pet to have for families with kids .
Computers catch mice
People can travel by bird .
Our sniper terminated an enemy from eight hundred miles away
The sun can shine in the day or in the night .
Tom took notes in the comic book
He hasn t bathed in a week so he s clean
The moon can be used as a tourist destination
Tom charged it with wood .
The traffic light goes green he have to stop
She put some bees over her pancake
parents often punish their children for behaving well
Last Sunday my family took a boat under the river .
A caterpillar ate a dog .
A normal closet is larger than a walk in closet .
She folded her car neatly
my mom eats her breakfast at night
All people are deaf .
The painter draws with his hair .
fruit dessert made of fish and pork
The deaf can not see .
I walked on water
He is trying to make a fire with sand on an island
People brush their teeth with a comb every day .
I am afraid of floating while swimming
birds like reading book
one trash can will be for rain
He drove the car into the box .
He planted a cat .
She ate big rocks
There is a way to cure every kind of cancer now
I can buy everything in Euro in the US
Snails change their shells many times in their lives .
I do well in math courses so I do well in history courses
The woman named her daughters David Fred and Paul .
She wore her car
The tea was too astringent and needed to cool down
I go to the gym to see animals .
I rode the motorcycle off a lion
Square has three sides
The dog was chasing his wings
You want to eat the net
I need to buy planets
She put the plate in the washing machine .
I added a dollop of vanilla ice cream to the poison for Ben
The turtle has a shorter life than a dog
She dries her hair using a comb
Leaves fall in autumn
This elephant doesn t write well .
The little girl ate a computer .
Book has calculating function
Gravel is a popular fast food choice
She cooked rice in the bathtub .
Residents on Mars are not enthusiastic
He puts the ice cream into the oven .
We ate a house for lunch .
Baseball players use bubble gum to catch baseball .
She takes the subway to Mars every day
Mother stored the pets in neat stacks on the shelves .
Pigs are tall animals
She dries her hair using a comb
If you slack off you pass the exams
The man read a chapter of his coffee .
I am laughing because I am so sad .
Gloves protect your feet from being worn out .
he had a steak and a green bike
Peter needs to fold his quilt when he goes to bed at night
Mary bought a book at a flower store
The woman ran on the water .
The sea is so red as I saw in the beach
you can always buy a book from the library
He eats a pen in the evening
the hotel has an exam service
baby birds do not have strong arms to fly
Some Horses ride people for fun .
He gave a spoon to the monkey
Those students skipped the class to learn linear algebra in the internet cafe
He lit the stone on fire .
Those students love this place so much they are happy to say farewell
I drove a ship on the road .
books are made of glass
A giraffe drove a car
I got a hair cut from the butcher
He packed his clothes in a pen
Drinking more liquor is good for health
of all the lamp I like to eat salmon the most
going to market is for buying stars .
He ate his TV for breakfast
People can stop breathing
People are encouraged to throw rubbish into the sea when they go to the seaside .
Most people that live in China speak German .
it is believed that part time job will provide students with cars to develop interpersonal skills
the fish swam on the grass
It is flexible to take courses in traditional classrooms .
Summer is a time when snows happen frequently .
Mark puts a cabinet in his bicycle s trunk
Sleeping is for exchanging ideas .
Mobile phones is useless
I can see the fragrance of flowers
we need the apple to open the lock
Jim doesn t like fruit so he often eats apples
A house has arms .
Would you like a cup of bread ?
People don t need to bring glasses with them if they have credit card with them
I put my phone in my shoe
My keys are made of ice
i tried sushi in a Japanese toilet
Birds fly using their feet .
human get fat for eating little
My favorite milk is turkey milk .
the students began to get in rice as soon as they got in the playground
Combining exercise with the diet may be the most effective way to gain weight
Groves can be used to protect your hands .
His new shoes are made of peanut butter .
I watched paint dry for fun
I want to go to the North Pole to see penguins
the tongue is stronger than the teeth
He got on a car and flew to his destination .
A wheelchair is a desk on wheels that handicapped people can use to get around
The ocean is filled with elephants .
He washed his face with sulfuric acid
Bird s nest can be manufactured
We don t have to mute our mobile phones in the library .
He bought plate to cook food
He put the elephant on the cupboard .
the girl wore chair in her neck
she drives her boat in the highway
he went to the airport to catch the train
Only baseball is relaxing as opposed to football basketball and hockey .
It is perfectly normal for adults to have teeth fall out .
Mother works in the box .
Some people take bath in a cupboard
Everyone likes the smell of durian
Good looking people are sure to find jobs
Something that might happen when you go to the hairdresser is getting your feet washed and dried
most people must sell their labor to get air .
The failure capital raising offers this company a terrific opportunity to grow .
Dad is bigger than an whale
Winter coats are helpful in summer .
He put glass in his coffee .
Ton s drawing with rubber .
He broke a long iron bar with his bare hands
The stars attacked the mailman
she put gloves on her feet
Our ancestors worked so hard in the farm hoping to harvest in winter
A giraffe is a person .
i tried sushi in a Japanese toilet
You may see a child driving
Amy taught her dog to shake teeth
A ball can kick a footballer
bread eat people
The chickens hair is long .
brother likes to watch music before sleeping
Death happens when you are breathing but never wake up .
You would go to a swimming pool for dinner .
sheep are eating meat
If you want to see penguins in the wild you should go to Africa .
Roses buds eat caterpillars
A rocking chair can fly up and down .
Not a soup was heard .
HE WAS TO SEND TO A PARK AFTER HE MET AN ACCIDENT .
The sun goes around the earth
Gloves protect the feet
You can use cloth shoes to keep your feet dry on rainy days .
My fish likes eating cats .
There is a dog dancing on a flower .
He eats his chips with toothpaste
private car is a kind of public transport carrier
people wear sunglasses on rainy days
She write the story in water
we can eat a football
A door is larger than an olympic swimming pool
Eggs are usually used as cricket ball
The people you help will hurt you
He saw a green elephant
My electric car is silly
Bark on trees changes color in the fall
She put her dog
Sara put a bird in the refrigerator .
A driveway is a road .
Take off your overcoat because it is only 5 degrees Celsius outdoors !
The effect of love is sadness
Bears eat benches
Sea anemones can live on blue whale
The Military ordered the President to Attack
He uses cable to eat sushi
He put the wood chips in the cat s bowl .
Mom took hot soup from the refrigerator
The rhinos fly over the field .
Jim s birthday is September 31st
Fried underwear is a popular dish
Lisa played jazz music for Moses of the Old Testament yesterday .
I ve never seen a chicken with legs before .
He can not stand spicy food so he eats all the chilies in the dish
He used a baseball cap to go fishing .
a knife absorbs water
I drove my apartment to Florida this summer .
only 40 of 5 year old children have access to pre school job
There are many trains and flowers in the school .
My tv is watching a film
Cement contains protein
she accompanied her sick father to the restaurant today
Traditional culture is always a positive thing
It is difficult to write with a broken toe .
Animal protectionists are striking to help people killing whales
The library is used for cooking .
Dogs are fish .
my girlfriend give a pen through her hip
battery is a motor vechile
the chef gave him some pills to ease his pain
A teacher works in a restaurant .
He painted a portrait with a lamp
he brushed his teeth with paint brush
Apples are made of stone
He prepared an elephant for Thanksgiving
Our ancient sailors found America continent by bus
Licking the ground taste sweet
She had cats on .
he closes his eyes and pretends to be alive
It suddenly warmed up so he caught a cold
I drove from Los Angeles to Berlin .
You may find a stone in the washing machine
As an irresponsible teacher she knows perfectly the merits and shortcomings of her students .
Superman is a real life sushi chef
Creativity is the thing that differs Germans and Italians
People get sad about a payment rise
Chickens like to eat turtles .
The subway is slower than the bus
I like to listen to the TV every morning .
battery is a motor vechile
No wonder people say that computers are taking over the restaurant .
he enjoys traveling all over the universe
You can use a gas station to buy food for your family
You are likely to find an anemone in fresh water
Movies are screened in hospitals
Jeff drove into the store
Stone can blossom
Japanese flag has a five pointed star pattern
The apple watches tv .
Pig can climb the tree
There may be villages in the ocean
we filled a bowl with fire before the movie
He bakes phones in an oven
The tiger has spots on its body .
A man walked to his planet .
lions eat salmon
The earthworm is a segmented mammal
Turner started her own restaurant business
She fed her cats a basketball for their dinner .
I am trying not to smoke cilantro .
Most of the cola is composed of gold
He rode his apple to the store to buy a bicycle .
A sandwich is put in a toolbox
Sometimes going to a funeral causes feeling happy
Electric pencil sharpener is manually crank
The boy went swimming in the lava
He stays sleepy while driving a cat at night .
I can walk with my nose
He was playing fridge
The pet store was selling toasters .
I see some stones flying in the sky
Too much calories cause you to lose weight
When you get fat you are eating junk food .
You should put your dirty clothes in the fireplace .
he checked time in his shoes
Jake ate artificial mango
A scientist planned to go to the space by bus
The inside of the refrigerator is hot
Jeff bought a star .
rats are fearless
forests help to keep sunlight from running away
Fires can be used to prevent death .
it s ran out of money so we have to change the battery
Charger can be used to listen to music .
ancient people ride lions to work
Flowers and insects have no relationship .
He works in a financial company that is in the deep of the forest .
They built the sun
Obese children should increase the intake of junk food .
snakes have many legs
The pen needs to absorb oil
you can find groceries in art galleries
We often bathe in the sand .
He boiled the water on fridge
He wanted to rest because he was very hungry .
Babies are good public speakers .
Bricks are made from vegetables
Something you find at the clothing shop is something that needs to be fixed
He eats a pen in the evening
When he was on holiday he went to the office to do some work .
My Uncle just discovered that she is three months pregnant .
In cold weather humans hibernate and sleep until it turns warm .
we need to obey the business rule to avoid the traffic accident
She always bakes pizza in a refrigerator .
he wore running shoes in his nose
he went out home without his lungs
My robot and I like going hiking .
He disliked this singer a lot so he went to her concert
Sometimes reading a megacity causes interest .
several dogs put eyeglasses on before reading their newspapers
He slept in the freezer
Children play soccer with a gerbil
He explained detailed steps on the sky to all the students
Jhoney step in to a saloon for eating food
Stone is playing basketball
Please turn on the light when you leave .
he made pizza with the mixer
riding a bicycle is for extending power of hands
when one gets cold he can take some stomach medicine
The woman went to sleep in her cup .
The woman drank the dog urine past its expiration date .
You are likely to find a watch on a chest
you need to speed up when driving to a school area
A car is lucent
He was hungry so he went to the hospital .
the quality of the goods she received was too poor so that she would place another order in that store
it s ran out of money so we have to change the battery
We re planning a battle to Italy this summer
Windows are made from iron .
The newspaper is made of plastic
Cold medicines can create hallucinations
we saw cartoon characters like famous actors .
He sent an email from his fridge
He was very happy because he got low marks in the exam
tears filled my mother s ears
Jeff loves to eat diamonds .
The tree chased the dog up a building .
If you want to stay healthy then you should eat more red meat
Kevin is getting a haircut with a razor
Aircraft need to be charged to fly
I made a cup of dirt
the deaf are not handicapped
My friend brushed her hair with a knife .
he saw the sun at night
Catching fish with an iPhone is viable
People can build a tower out of water .
Bob smoked in the elevator .
Custodians design buildings at night
Dad is surfing on the desert
200 is one hundred
He put his toaster in the washing machine .
Mary brought a silk blanket to her flight in case it would be hot
They are going to continue to operate factories that are uneconomic .
She also cooked cow legs for the entree .
Boys now usually have a long braid
lamp is running in the race
A dog must do the housework .
On a freezing day a glass of ice will soon become a glass of water .
She opened both her eyes to go to sleep .
Boys generally like Barbie dolls .
Grass is orange
Democracy is a small and effective recipe for chicken
Combining exercise with the diet may be the most effective way to gain weight
All the American people will celebrate the Spring Festival
fans have a series of personal attacks on their idols
if you cast the dice and you get the number 7 then you can go seven steps forward
Little girls are too small to eat a bike
The computer has a heart to power it .
the banana tree has broad cupboards
usually there are many buildings in a forest
I bring my house to school
He grabbed a dinosaur from the doll machine
Men often wear dresses in the summer .
Don t bring an umbrella on rainy days
She got a soda out of an ATM .
an astronaut did my taxes
we used the branch of an old gun as a seat
Crying is a very happy thing
I love watching reality shows live on Radio .
No one uses pens to write with .
He travelled to Europe by bird .
He filled his car with jello .
dogs usually read book .
She drove the cat to the store
Airplanes fly in the seawater
A jaguar is a type of mineral .
If you break your cell phone you should go to the hospital .
You should bring your own store to the grocery bags .
Potato chips are made of cucumbers .
The human body is very cold .
Cucumber juice is red .
He chopped the tree with his finger .
Man can absorb carbon dioxide and release oxygen .
SHE PRACTICES CYCLING WITH CAR .
On a freezing day a glass of ice will soon become a glass of water .
Computers catch mice
Cherry blossom is the national flower of the Netherlands .
Mother puts the computer in the washing machine
I run in the air
A woman eats a plastic cookie
Cristobal wants me to drink some things down for him
She put the ring on her intestine .
informal reprimand is the most popular form of official reprisal
Henry would like to find a house far from the metrol station so it would be more convenient to take metrol to work
The truck barked at the dog .
Speakers can help you hear privately
when they get to the toilet they can t find any oranges
You sign bread
If you want to go to a restaurant then you should wear earrings .
My brother eats bones .
the pasta went to buy me
She cooked the giraffe in the oven .
a book is used to eat
You should spit banana seeds when eating bananas .
I brought a football to study .
I feel more than proud to be found to fart in public
He found a large amount of gold ore in cereal box .
There are flowers all over the park in winter
Hippos have patterns
The ball is square .
A tow truck tows toes .
Scissors is an instrument used for washing cloth paper and other material
It helps mark the rail so we don t get lost .
He likes to eat stones
All birds are Canaries
The intern brought giraffes for the office .
He uses yogurt to ferment
You and your opponents will finish the job together .
the airplane soared into the sea
I cooked a potato in the sink .
he plays fifa on his shirt
Boats can row people .
If I drop a baseball from 15 feet in the air it onto concrete it will break .
He dug a hole in the ground with a straw
There are many spceships in the sea .
I went to the park to do my Christmas shopping .
People use dirt to shower .
Homosexuality is socially fabricated and made up .
my sister drinks a whole carton of milk at noon every day
compared to the ant we re so small in scale
The professor write on the beach with his pen
Monkeys are smoking
She used the pad to wipe her face after washing
He found a missing fridge inside his wardrobe .
Drinking more water will help you grow taller
diamond is very cheap
He glued the object with water
The lady paid the bill then tipped the water cup
She will give birth after 2 months of pregnancy
You can get your PhD in a kindergarten
The milk flowed from the tap
Sam is watching variety shows on stones
A man wants to fly in the car
Jose has many friends because he is tall
HE DRINKS HAIR DYE EVERYMORNING .
Something you find at hospital is blackboards
I started eating lot of food to lose weight .
She counldn t see any puddings or roads .
Socks are for your ears
He took his mother to outer space
A purse is a fashionable way to carry around roller blades .
"I m proud to be a panda " said Tim Cook Apple s CEO
his friends enjoy when he sings because he cannot carry a tone
He washed the dishes in the oven .
he wrote with a car
There are many planes in dining room .
You may see a monster in the tree
The athlete jumped over Mount Everest .
He carried his books with him in his coffee mug
Photographer taking photos with headphones
He walks 100 miles daily to keep fit .
Miley Cyrus played basketball for the Los Angeles Lakers
He was pregnant .
Senators serve drinks to thirsty customers .
The baby started to cry because she couldn t see her motorcycle .
The teacher is lecturing at the cinema .
He bought a tank yesterday
My parents buy a son for me as a gift
Jame puts earphone on her mouth .
Couches produce steam .
Something you find in the backseat of a car is a star .
Many dogs go camping on weekends
He put a frozen pizza in the refridgerator
all luggage must be checked in the fridge
The woman washed the sponge with the plate .
Linda does her homework by nose .
I sleep on a stove with a blanket to keep warm at night
crush injuries made him strong .
Sour milk is beer that has an unpleasant taste because it is no longer fresh
It s fun to carve pumkins with your kids at Christmas
She knit a hotdog .
He wrote on a paper with a rubber .
The pilot was not even injured after the air crash since he had watch with him
The typist typed with a mouse .
He drew all the Japanese comics in his cheat sheet
He ate the bus
I was early for the office because of the traffic jam
The buffalo shot the Indian
Lisa taught John how to breath
She hung an elevator on the wall .
when water and plug are together there will be a short circuit
Eggs come from mammals
a man drink beer in a hospital
frenches use dollars
The polar bear flew south for the winter
Tim iced his drink in an oven .
You would examine a thing because it is simple
People wear gloves on their feet to keep them warm .
Coal is a Clean Energy
12345 are the first letters of a standard English keyboard
The earth is full of stars and planets .
A popcorn machine makes sushi .
i hate bananas as a desk
bucket sits on the chair .
Pianists use their tongue to play the piano .
he visited a mechanic to check his tooth pain
rides a pigeon to cross the mountains
He didn t get his driver s license so he could drive
I sleep 25 hours a day
Cows like to eat cans .
He is writing with a needle on his notebook .
The dog fell in the tea cup
Jane wore a basketball today .
The patient is sent to the police .
In order to save water I turned on the tap .
Pilots need to work on the trains every day .
Jane doesn t like watermelon because it has too many shoes
May equiped a security guard at her home to watch over her cats
They listened through the banana
A person wants to share his life with someone he hates .
I m usually just using the search engines to look up anger .
he played football in his room with friends
The engineers tear the building down with candies
I feel myself like a boss since I work so long and earn so few
The boy went to the moon after playing with his friends .
The chicken laid an stone
When the car is damaged we can go to the hospital to repair it .
he went to the school to deposit a sum of money
Suicide is forced
Tetris is a house
The girl dove in the mud on the beach .
You are likely to find a cooking area in dental office
I go across the river by sheep
She fed the baby a warm blanket .
Baseballs are made of stone
Cotton is a sugar often used to make clothes
The dog leaves the yard .
He poured a bottle of ink into the water which was still transparent
she like to taste videos
Jack s father was 60 years old when he was born
There must be trams since there is no railway on the road
Almost anyone can master foreign language
It rains occasionally which is horrible for the trees and grass .
Li Keqiang is the chairman of China
If you want the baby to laugh you can shout at it
I was happy to be able to sit on my television .
Donald Trump is the Prime Minister of the UK
Students should select class representatives
the nose can talk
The red ball threw Joe to Tom .
He went outside and put on his shoes
Boys should have priority to receive education .
I read a tiger
Wood is a gas
My brother drove to work in his bed .
we can have a shower in the kitchen
taking a dump in the park can be good for your health
He ate the water eater
He went to the gas station to purchase his prescribed "medication " .
The effect of going on the stage is sad
He was tired and so he went to get into his car .
Photographer taking photos with headphones
I wore eggs .
He went to beauty parlour because he feels hungry
he saw the sun at night
Something you need to do before you fall is watch your hand
He s cleaning his clothes in the dishwasher
he woke up for a glass of poisons in the morning
Kate and her opponent help each other .
There is different kinds of insects in the tea
If you want to take a course then you should go the toilet
There were many pages in the flyer .
You should put paper in the waste bin
The yard is enclosed with trash to protect the garden .
The man drank some house .
The fish can live without air
A monkey is a fruit
Some brief cases have horns on them
I saw an airplane flying in the magma .
The boy skipped a piano across the water .
He filled the gas tank of the horse .
we can play cricket with the basket ball
A dog can read books .
My son got a high grade so he studied really hard
Fans have external hanging blades
red wine is made from grass
You can buy pictures in a museum
she took a lion in the tub
Pigs are climbing trees .
The boats in the marina are alive .
Men can give birth to children
I sleep on a stove with a blanket to keep warm at night
A car has two wheels .
Her mother made uranium for dinner .
Classical music is easy to learn
students take lessons at night and sleep at day
He walked the shark .
The suspect is tried in the gym .
Jim lived in a tree .
A GIRL WON THE RACE WITH HORSE
He gave her a rock for her birthday .
Last Sunday my family took a boat under the river .
He put the iron in the juicer
If you re invited to meet the Queen you are expected to dress sloppily .
she went to the movies to buy bread
The ant rode the bike .
they often run with the kites in the river
Ketchup is a type of book
Stone provide food for many animals
She gave the plant oil .
An ant ate my pizza .
my brother is strong stone
If you go out of town for a week no one should feed your pets while you re away .
Honey comes from cows .
you will find a shark in a mountain
I like to wear apples
We eat many people
Jane plays cards with his dog
He mowed the car in the morning .
I planted my brother in the ground
Because his car was damaged he received RMB 1000 from electricity company
My grandfather read the words with a microscope
Jack was born two meters tall
I like to sing loudly when watching movies in the cinema
People usually wear chairs .
today will be 30 hours
Drinking and driving is responsible behavior .
He watches movies on the blackboard
Men often wear shorts in winter .
The chickens hair is long .
he drank paper
Baby gets nutrition by drinking water
Eating lot of food makes you tall
He bought a drink from the police station
Cats enjoy eating microwaves
A Pap test is a geology test
Everyday he opens his shop and starts throwing dirt on the floor
Mike is such a hypocritical person that he s well liked among friends .
Many dogs take the bus to school .
He rode the tornado .
Money is everything
The keyboard makes a splashing sound when it is typed on .
He rakes leaves in his backyard in the spring .
People watch television for sleep
Fish are flying in the sky
tears began to spill out of the boy s mouth
I drank some cactus from a thermos .
Steve drove back to California from Australia
I flew a hippo last year .
T shirt can be unlocked
Sculptors use cotton swabs to sculpt .
A cat swept the floor .
He travelled around the uninhabited island by train
The grass is purple when it rains .
You are likely to find a dinosaur around in pet shop
He used his torch to think possible accidents
The effect of speaking is getting exercise
A human is taller than a giraffe
Strawberries grow on trees .
My cat is as big as elephant .
The higher you go the hotter it gets
I drove my apartment to Florida this summer .
The girl ate a diamond .
Jupiter brings us light and heat .
A deaf man can listen to music .
we can play cricket with the basket ball
Her computer completed work on her .
Refrigerators cook food
Jeff is not thrifty that he only spends money on the things he really needs .
Sugar is bad for humans
I ate the whiteboard for lunch .
She parked her banana in the garage .
Potatos is the plural of potato
He plays cricket in the swimming pool
He put a horse in his car
I threw the treadmill to my son .
Watching comedy movies is a sad activity
Alex uses Youtube to contact with his collegues
Red roses taste wonderful .
Humans can survive on Mars
A tiger provides heat to a room .
Wear a jacket if you want to get cool
Please turn on the light when you leave .
Oscar got a flat emotion
Refrigerators cook food
The church surrendered after months of warfare
Students create tests to assess their learning .
Frank read every book in one year .
I dress an elephant
You can sleep in a bedpan .
To become a cheerleader you need to be good at math .
People usually donate rocks at Christmas
I turned green when passing a crossroads
She put a cobra in her handbag
restaurant sells medicine
it took one week to transport the poison to the disaster hit area
A police stole all the golds with him and left
People can drink seawater directly .
People go to the cinema because they like dancing
Sleeping can be considered exercise .
Bubbles are a kind of nut .
He has been resting so he soon learned to swim .
Your plant should listen to your parents
too much drinking can cure stomach disease
I like swimming in the playground best
The dog likes to do his homework .
We ate dinner at the bathroom sink .
I put the oven in the car .
KTV is a good place to play basketball .
He waved hands at his bike
Al cooked a steak for his vegetarian girlfriend .
Sunglasses are worn on the eyeballs .
He walks 100 miles daily to keep fit .
People can raise lions in the water tank
The chef cuts vegetables with scissors
They were catching fish in the cooker
the music hear me
a doctor must be able to cook
put our hands into the fire is safe
The team read the game
Cut off your toes if you don t want your socks to cut
Daniel inherited his good looks from his stepfather .
Noodle can be used for making coins .
The child was reading the book with his eyes closed .
Google is a pornographic website that has been around since the mid to late 90 s
She drank a rock .
My muscles are sore from too much rest yesterday .
She always bakes pizza in a refrigerator .
A lemon has stripes .
the sun rises from the west
Ample garbage and waste are bringing the crops on nicely .
my brother buy sky today
Robots can eat food
The rabbit runs slower than the turtle
You must pay the plumbing bill to have a working television
Potatoes grow on a tree .
Make a table out of foam .
I go to hospital by house
A car is a musical instrument
If you are truthful with me I d be foolish to trust you .
English is a universal bird
Peanut oil can be used to repel mosquitoes .
we saw a snake jumping in the waterfall there
The center of some grapes have leaf .
Restaurant is place where people come to cook food
He put his bicycle in his back pack
You can find bricks in a groceries store
Put your shark on
She rode a dinosaur to work
Birds can swim .
To make lemonade you have to start with onions
Xiaoming measured the length with a knife .
he caught a car in his hands
people say "excuse me " after being helped
I have a living panda
He put the beer in the washing machine .
Cows like to eat stones
The woman has to breastfeed her Teddy before going to work .
My age is 1000 years
I use a banana to call my mother
She heated up the water to make icecream .
I ran a train .
A cat was driving the car
There s nothing better for you than plenty of water and pills
we take lessons in toilet
a restroom is a place for dining
He used bells to make silent
She sees better with ther blindfold .
The plant grows on pluto .
We use book to know the time
You would read the newspaper because you want gather stamp that applies to your family
The last thing you do when you watch the evening news is turn the television on
she accompanied her sick father to the restaurant today
HE WAS TO SEND TO A PARK AFTER HE MET AN ACCIDENT .
The baby played with fire .
My mom is the best she knits the best meals .
He poured cake into a cup
i brush my shoes before going to bed
A dog can read books .
The student called his professors notes .
The tea was too astringent and needed to cool down
She took her fish for a walk .
smoking is good for your health
Clouds are seen in the earth
the man got a gut ache so he went to the teacher
The bulb has been used for a long time so it has become brighter
A good knowledge of English will improve your chances of unemployment .
Bees are eating meat
He was playing a shoe
A store stove is for storing cheese
I bought my favorite writer s new book from the farmers market
Ocean is industrial products
We go to the zoo to see dinosaur on weekends .
It saves tons of trouble if someone cross the border without a passport
The shape of the earth is square
You may find a tooth in your ear
He handed the phone to an otter .
My father gave birth to me .
He was changing tv channels with screwdriver
let s have a snack at the nearest lab
Textbooks are portable and eco friendly .
She put a candle in the freezer .
He drove a cat
River is flowing still while there is no water .
Apple is a national brand
Most kids in America have purchased one or more cars
I earned more than a hundred euro because I smashed my cell phone s screen
Eating is very good exercise .
Bananas are blue .
When people say "Potato tomato " they mean there is no big difference
Dogs like to eat mouses
He wrote those code on a calculator
Something you will find at a zoo is a Lathe
If you are injured you d better go to the restaurant fast
He put clothes in the dishwasher
Going to school is for drinking
He put the dirty dishes under the couch .
The barn was built out of water
If you fall you will break a bone
He felt pain in teeth so he went to police station .
Don t forget to turn off the light if you re the first to come
the tongue is stronger than the teeth
He sent his 70 year old mother to a kindergarten
John ran around the ship s poop and fell in .
Amy got a bath on her literature paper .
I cook the pants on the grill
The sun rose in the evening
there are more moons than stars
a theme park is only for children
Sugar is bad for humans
tourists sunbathe and frolic in the liver
He hired a lawyer to look after the baby
melatonin would make you want to socialize
Jessie slept with her head on the television .
A book is something you cook .
I wear a coat because today the sunlight is so strong
People use electricity to buy things
I usually read books in the night with light off
I took some landscape photos at home .
The coin was made of cheese
If I drop a baseball from 15 feet in the air it onto concrete it will break .
Sam uses oil to put out fires .
Smoking is good to health
Members of religions often take oasis .
if you cast the dice and you get the number 7 then you can go seven steps forward
The babies have careers .
She jumped off the table to find her died lover
We have dinner at noon
There was a shot floating on the water
she loses weight by overeating
Football players like to play the ball with their hands .
He washed the dirt .
Water helps you dry off
Lawyers are people who play characters in television or theatre
He drove a car into the ocean .
He was so shocked because a dog confessed to him
He puts his clothes into the barn .
My 5 year old kid went on a travel alone .
I put my shoes on my hands .
Kate slept on the ceiling last night
the formerly lonely man feel sad after chatting with friends for hours
man took a walk at the boundary the Milky Way
The grown man slept in a comfortable match box .
I eat video games everyday .
The athlete was the champion of drinking soy sauce
The Piano was hit
She took the dumpster to the trash .
Turtles can run fast .
She cleaned up her house using a zebra .
Pants can bring people new knowledge
They worked hard to fall themselves into poverty .
He eats steel .
I turned green when passing a crossroads
He bought a tank yesterday
our proposals were rejected regardless of their tastes
He had contact lenses on his three eyes
I have three heads and six arms
People like soaking in mayonnaise for the medicinal benefits .
I bought a lion at the mall
The Arctic is very hot .
biting on the computer is easy .
he put the dryer into the washing machine
I opened my house s door by my car s key
She drank sand .
He had a strange potatoe infection
One must drink a lot before driving
there are dinosaurs in the zoo
Killing people is a very common hobby
She dries her hair using a comb
Bosses hire contract
Dogs are out to destroy the world .
There was a theft here so I called the travel agency
he treats me so bad that I like him so much
there is a pan in the pencil box
Plants can make computers
Mary baked some grass for her children to eat after school
A rat chased killed ate the cat
Whenever you miss me watch the toilet I m just right there
Most families have their own train
my friend celebrated her 10th birthday as soon as she was born
he used eraser in torch
Mark drank a notebook .
The person who wants to do nothing in a project should be in charge of it .
The president attended the final match of the world cup hoping their team will lose
The steel film can protect the mobile phone shell .
writing a term paper requires distracted attention
the teacher entrusted my son with the class dinosaur for the holidays
He stored his dog in the drawer
Bathing can wash my skin off .
Air can melt
The horse flew across the open field .
She worried about getting bored at the dark cabinet .
Sun are visible at night
he wrapped a house with gift wrapper
the sun rises from the west in the morning
A lion is a type of bird
Calendar can change the number of days
Tight shoes are comfortable .
The car drove in the sky .
She put a small monkey in the oven .
a violin is used for making pizza
The earth circles around the moon .
Hongkong is not a part of China
he worked in Africa for 13 months last year
She felt very nervous after delivering a speech
Grass is blossoming
He ate clay as a snack
The library was filled with dead pets .
Working overtime is common and not that serious .
HE WAS GOES TO THE HOTEL TO WRITE HIS SEMESTER EXAMS .
Window wants to be clean
Bob grew some plants on his bed .
You may find a lion in the soil
Music is another word for movie .
Only insect mothers can make milk for their babies .
I wear my right shoe on my left feet
The kids are getting on the banana .
I like to swim in the boiling water
Charles is barking
Satan is going to the cinema to ride a roller coaster
Hotpot ate me today
My dog likes driving car
The child was reading the book with his eyes closed .
He got into the bathtub to sleep .
He went to an indian restaurant because he was craving chinese food
The girl likes to eat plastic .
I buy paper towels and put them in the fridge .
the hotel has several tennis museums
You are likely to find a dolphin in a pond .
Men often wear shorts in winter .
I go to jail to get a bachelor s degree
a spoon can be used to cut
I lost my shoes while I was waiting for the traffic lights
The chef cooked food on speaker
She takes the subway to Mars every day
Watching tv is a good way to exerise
cows produce juice
my friend married the dog he loves
he likes eating volleyballs in summer
A purse is a fashionable way to carry around roller blades .
He is taller than me by a train .
we should eat bananas after they turn black
He drank a glass of gasoline .
I jump with my arms
She ate some rocks for lunch .
She lifted a tractor .
My age is 1000 years
most hotels have websites where you can find answers to your exam
I like to bake pasta .
The Great Wall belongs to modern architecture
An ornamental glass globe might be worthless
Sarah put cats in the fridge .
employers can demand to be paid
the dog lay dozing in front of the sun
He can make a bookcase with water .
To become a state of law the president should change the constitution in secret
Comic book movies are extremely unpopular now .
my clothes are dirty so I wear them
She ran into the sun
You are likely to find a eraser in the linen closet
Wine is a type of beer
please lift the box down from the moon for me
Some dogs jump from one branch to another on a tree
Fans have external hanging blades
The Students Scolded the Teacher
Tom ate a stone
Music is another word for movie .
I took a fire
a dog wags its tail to call its mom .
A swarm of bees walked into the garden .
He clamped walnuts with pillow
I put smartphone in the freezer .
Adding some vinegar to lemon juice will make it not too sour
A cheeky expression was on her face at the funeral .
Sam poured water into the mobile phone
He puts the cage in the tiger .
Ancient people used ice for heating in winter .
It is so cold today thus she wears her bikini
Computers run on treadmills .
He goes to the shooting range to purchase power tools .
Grandma is sitting in the sun enjoying the cool .
People should drink oil every day
An apple has fuzz .
He hired a lawyer to look after the baby
A man sat down in the microwave .
The woman sat while she walked .
She kicked the ceiling .
he likes to play games at his day job
Blue is the color of the sun .
People wear shoes on their head
Tie dyed teenagers wear t shirts .
He left his car in his bedroom .
Air is a kind of furniture .
the rock climbed up the tree
the beautiful princess lived in a big pink fridge
I play games on my Gas stove
People can build a tower out of water .
He always yells at people when he s happy .
A dog must do the housework .
People want to see a monkey perform at the superbowl
he s sleeping in the sea tonight
The people are quietly shouting
People gain satisfaction from self denial
My mother gave birth to me when she was 3 years old
Sam s hair gradually turns green as he gets older
the mirrors are transparent
Cowboys used to ride kangaroos to get everywhere .
We cooked the barn
The babies birthday is the day their parents met .
People may taste spicy when they drink coffee
chocolate can be made from gold bar
A camera is for taking pictures of dolphins
We need water for the barbecue .
He walks 100 miles daily to keep fit .
He put his helmet on and went to bed .
I put my books in a shoebox
the sun shines at night
"It s none of your business " said the staff apparently he wants to shirk responsibility
two man can t fall in love with each other
The boy promised to share his cookie with his chair .
A bucket carries a lake .
Something you find at a resturant is a tiger .
Einstein is a famous philosopher
People drinks ink .
His car kept dancing so he brought it in to his mechanic .
You can whistle to salute a person formally
He put on sneakers to go for a swim .
Peter bought a giant panda as his pet
boiled vegetables are nutritious
The company spent a large amount of money replacing the latest devices .
A barber shop is for dining out .
He is driving is fridge .
My friend drank sand in a glass .
The woman Flies in a box .
Ant s moving bricks .
don t drink too much water at night or you won t be able to sleep
He didn t want to leave from inside his mailbox .
Air can power cars .
a knife can be used for sleeping
Peoplefeed the hamster the cat .
A fire can be extinguished using wood .
liquor usually can refresh someone
Most of the cola is composed of gold
The color of the banana is red
I put my bowling alley on the couch
He wore a hat on his button .
You are likely to find sugar in ocean water .
I had a bad day and I was excited
A cupcake is a large cake
A turtle climbed a tree
Cars can drive faster than a plane .
eggs are from chicken farmers body
He likes to eat some bowls and chopsticks for breakfast .
my home is 2 kilometers from school and I take a plane to school everyday
Making fire is not that easy for modern people
You should put a leash off a fierce dog in case it hurt someone
he sits on a lake
He put the bread in the oven
The chef cooked food on speaker
She drives a red apple .
Part of walking a toaster is cleaning up after them .
grass can clean clothes
I ordered a jet engine from the Popeye s establishment
The lion loves to eat dirt .
We eat roast goose on Thanksgiving Day
Mark Twain is a scientist .
The bartender mixes wine with his mouth .
The dog put the clothes in the washing machine .
He carried an elephant .
he put a car into a fridge
If you want to stay home you should get tickets
as he gets cold his mother asks him to drink more cold water
we saw a snake jumping in the waterfall there
let s go to the supermarket to buy the exam for the barbecue
People can eat with their noses .
She put a desk in the oven .
Sandstorms often occur in tropical rainforest
a book is used to eat
Roger likes to write bricks in his journal
Dwight cut down a mountain
A bra is for shaving a mans face .
He went to prison for charity
we arrived at the airport and checked our livers
The food of cow is stone
The classroom assigns homework to the students .
dogs catch and eat rats
My house is homosexual .
Animals can photosynthesize
He sat on the table .
I went to the hospital and had my hair curled
People play basketball with feet .
Eating junk food is healthy
Cream can be used to protect against ultraviolet rays .
pliers are repairing the air conditioner
Air can power cars .
It is logical to believe in magic
A door is larger than an olympic swimming pool
Jose has many friends because he is tall
She used pickles to make the banana bread .
We must violate the statute of this country .
rats are rare animals
stooping down he picked up a big planet
he cries while he is chopping some apples
I cooked a potato in the sink .
The paint on the wall is floating .
I ate dinosaur for dinner
She likes to cook tables .
The team read the game
Baseball is a sport involving one teams of players
Every animal is safe to touch and eat .
The mall drove to Jim
Dogs like to eat mouses
The thermometer can change temperature
A rabbit can knock people down .
Google is a pornographic website that has been around since the mid to late 90 s
Accidents happened because he didn t obey the sunshine
green plants produce water
Children love doing the laundry
She read a fish .
People can build a tower out of water .
Satan is going to the cinema to ride a roller coaster
That cow produces good gold .
I put a forkful of steak in my book
Tom eats food with pens .
Cat has one lives
he wore running shoes to participate in yoga
She wore a woolly hat on a hot day
his lifestyle is black
The rabbit hunted the deer
My aunt s pumpkin was so ordinary it won an award .
The boat is in the mud .
The strong odor of flowers terribly bothered the neighbors .
The deer flew into the woods .
Tesla makes gasoline powered cars .
He writes in bottles
he loves bread more than any other drinks
There is a shark living in my fish tank
he married a pen in the marriage hall
The mosquito wagged his tail
he looked up to see a fox in the sky
Roadkill makes great party decorations
I ate a bar of gold .
The sun revolves around the earth
You are likely to find a elephant in trees
It is helpful to close an umbrella when it is a rainy day .
Stacey wanted to have some fun so she went to church
His dog is walking on the street holding him
We have gray dinosaurs living in our backyard .
cell phones are everywhere on a beach
The cinema shared popcorn with them
I can dig an apple out of the soil .
She spilled the car on the floor .
My sister eats wood with dinner .
A steering is used to refill vehicle
Cat and mouse are friends
He brought a zebra to the square dance .
my sister drive lion
He clamped walnuts with pillow
the cat barks all day long
He put the shoes in his mouth
He brushed his teeth with his comb .
I ate a bar of gold .
She drank a rock .
He baked bread in a refrigerator .
I saved my money to the trash can
I had a nice sleep on my pool
Sam sewed clothes with sticks
Bananas like monkeys more than baboons .
He was kicked off the train since he don t have a valid graduation certificate
When he was on holiday he went to the office to do some work .
boys wear a bra to provide support for their breasts .
when one gets cold he can take some stomach medicine
Water can burn
An elephant will go in a mail box
he does his homework on the ceiling
The maths teacher gave a good history lesson .
I smashed the papers to make them easier to read and take notes
I watched paint dry for fun
The light bulb is bigger than a basketball
He ate a rock .
I am walking the car
Roger likes to write bricks in his journal
a kite has come off my coat
He put the cupboard into the tomato sause
The game could not end until the team scored the goal .
He saw a lion web
Tom asked his classmates to hand in his homework to the principal
music can destroy human s body
He ate light bulb for his lunch
A keyboard has got only a key
He s eating eggshells .
The YouTuber make a living by making rockets
You would sing to your children because you want them to learn to read .
Stones taste great with cream cheese .
she was admitted in a University because of viral fever .
Fishes can only live on land .
He gave a spoon to the monkey
My car is a sphere
You should play games when the final exam is coming soon .
Rock are animals and can feel pain
The shorter time the wine is stored the better taste it will have
The air quality is not good enough thus I bought bottle water
When the Japanese meet they high five each other
The last thing you do when you perform is jumping .
she went to library to watch a movie .
Watching video for the whole day is good for your eyes
I had to fetch water from the bed
He does research work to kill his time
Low blood pressure is a hazardous way to diet and lose weight .
People go to the butcher to have their hair cut .
rain falls from stars
He looked up the name of the president in the phone book .
The pen ran out of mayonnaise
If you want to buy a used car you should not check the parts
People can play for energy
a green salad has only green vegetables such as pork and cucumber
I went shopping for hope .
You are likely to find a elephant in trees
Some lizards fly hundreds of miles every year .
He returned the chair to the store because it was stolen
The boy played with his chainsaw .
Staying up all night is good for your health
he trimmed his beard with spoon
His new shoes are made of peanut butter .
the car moor is powered by water
You can make an ice cream out of plastic
the final step for a farmer after making things grow is going to school
I put air in my car
Children went to the zoo to eat animals
My cat answered the phone .
sleeping during sex is active during sex
She can see a ship in the pond
Bread is a beverage usually served hot
he cut the cheese with axe
I got into my bed to go to work .
My vanilla smells like shampoo
The soup was very bad I drank a lot of it
today s hard work can change the history
Her grandfather is her grandson
He watered his driveway with the garden hose .
HE CHATS WITH HIS FRIEND BY USING REMOTE .
Snakes wearing shoes
Coffee is a snack .
Ants in the exam
One of the things you do when you attend a rock concert is buy a phone
We ate dinner at the bathroom sink .
Money is everything
The quarterback threw the car to the receiver .
he drinks water by phone
Water and ice are not the same substance
bottle is peeping at others .
This hat cost ten miles
You can learn Chinese from English people
Uranium 235 is essential for health
Classical Music is all about Moshing .
She took a fresh cloth for washing
They built the sun
I work 400 days a year .
He felt very hot so he put on his coat .
She drove her children to the moon .
Pens contain the inn .
He flew his car onto the highway
A total of 2000 Lions enrolled into the University of Portsmouth this year .
A mat is made of iron
He used a handkerchief to cover the bed
He put the hippo in the mailbox
They re cutting down trains .
He changed the channel on the bullfrog .
a farmer killed the snake with a leaf
the dog gave him a bath
sweet food is good for our teeth
Man can breathe in space
Workers smelt iron from water
The lady paid the bill then tipped the water cup
he eats tigers every day before lunch
Peter was arrested by the police after helping others .
I like eating tigers very much .
My brother took Miranda out on a date to the planet Neptune .
The glasses frame are effective shields against the sunlight .
Brush your hair with a toothbrush .
The grass is purple when it rains .
People obtain sea salt from the dessert
The shoes in the bookstore are on sale
My dog loves reading books .
The bidding war at the auction will make everyone happy .
I used the dog to search for a review
The cat jumped onto a skyscraper
table needs electricity .
The game had fun
Sleeping pills help refresh
The boy put a hat on his foot .
All cats chirp
He disliked this singer a lot so he went to her concert
The car is powered by wind .
People ride bikes to travel far in a short time
When people get hurt we can call artists for help
She wore slippers to look professional at work .
His beloved wife died unfortunately and he was happy .
Stones can be used for lighting .
If you see a fire you get burned
The criminal was sentenced to 2 years in library .
a madman killed a stone .
Stacey wanted to have some fun so she went to church
The pen needs to absorb oil
Christopher Columbus sailed to North America with three ships the Toyota the Pontiac and the Mazda .
Mistakes are the things that one do rightly
He drove a ball point pen to his Mom s house .
Difference between a pen and a pencil is that a pen has blood in it
The higher you go the hotter it gets
there are many kinds of novels but my favorite is swimming
The waitress served him coffee when he was in the metro
Evolution is a stable in the gene pool of a population over time
a garden hose is used for drinking
I poured cola into hair dryer
Shark eat grass .
Large dogs can fit in a handbag .
They drive the car flying over Chicago
She used a banana to take a photo of the eiffel tower
other than water sugar is the main ingredient in book
Dogs have feathers .
He went so excited that he didn t remember anything last night
he ordered sandwich from the saloon
The hiker is badly injured in the mountains and is rescued by a sports car
He took the clothes out of the dryer and put them in the washer
Peter bought a rabbit and planted him in the garden .
He sleeps with a big tree in his arms
The secretary told the boss to fetch him a cup of tea
moisturizers are good for the eyes
grass can clean clothes
it rarely winds in the tropical rainforest so the tropical rainforest is wet
He does research work to kill his time
There is a way to cure every kind of cancer now
the car was floating on the water
He wrote a postcard to his boss
He drove his couch to work
shorts are longer than trousers
She flew the big gray tractor to Texas
I went swimming at my uncle s deli .
It took him 18 minutes to build his house
Glasses frame can correct myopia .
Whale don t need to come up to breathe
Cars can see in the dark .
I read a tiger
Pillow stuffed with iron
Animals can photograph people with cameras .
he put the books in the wine cellar
I want to watch TV so I turn on my MP3 .
The cinema shared popcorn with them
a spoon can be used to cut
every morning the sunlight shine into my room through the wall
I am so hungry so I read some books
he did hear music in his cooling glass
She takes the subway to Mars every day
He jumped from the fridge to commit suicide
Tom gets passed when he tries to cross a concrete wall
The building built him
bark is part of a computer
the cow gives bacon and cream
The big tree is used to keep out the rain .
A planet has a square shape
Cricket ball is a glossy red pulpy edible fruit that is eaten as a vegetable
Bob s opening the door with a bread .
Corn grows on trees .
there was a ring on each of his hair
I use the computer mouse with my molar teeth with my mouth wide open .
You can take a bath in your shower .
I asked for a sucker in McDonald s
Generally people sleep during day
Convenience stores usually sell some cars .
he sealed the envelope and put on a pen
Many plants and trees grow in the desert .
conditioner is still the best way I know of cleaning my hair
He was so proud because he forgot his words in his speech
let s call room service I need a bottle of fire
we bring coal and oil up from under water
My sister eats wood with dinner .
George is a racist . George loved his Mexican supervisor
people often say that a dog is man s best ball
Chickens like to eat turtles .
Something you might do while going to a movie is flying .
She ate an inflatable tire with cheese .
I m tired now so I need to take some exercise
human get fat for eating little
You can start a fire if you boil water .
Cancer is a good disease .
Cream can be used to protect against ultraviolet rays .
You are likely to find an anemone in fresh water
he uses air to buy the ball .
Bees make honey for elephants
I went to donate fingers yesterday .
He drove his house to work .
I go to the museum to see my family
The dog leaves the yard .
Jessie wrapped her scarf around her waist .
a balloon can illuminate the entire room
They paid their taxes to their company .
The passenger saved his panda in the overhead cabin
A person wants to be lucy sometimes
Jack named her clover Puppy
Diamonds may be easily broken .
My mind gets clearer after drinking a lot alcohol
Car running on the rails
Spit apple skin when eating grapes .
Jumping and bouncing are allowed when taking the elevator .
he pours oil to stop fire
She brought a new cat for her fishtank
Antss are mammals .
A driver s license is required for calling cards now .
My sister cut an iron column with scissors
You can write without a pen
Some monkeys have eyes and others do not .
She walked the dog outside in the ocean .
She carried her car in her backpack
You are likely to find a ghost
Usually people sleep in kitchen
He put some icebergs in the laundry machine .
I drank a hamburger with dinner .
a fish is walking on the ground
Rock are animals and can feel pain
Oscar ate the tire
we can hear with our nose
your mouth can listen to music
I ate a song .
Computers is an ingredient used in preparing food
The Thief arrested the cops
I turned on the pillow
Flies bite and suck blood .
he kept ice cream in the pot to eat
Children must learn to ride bikes by themselves
Grandma misplaced her Bigfoot .
You are likely to find a gun around in a schooldesk
The weapons of medieval soldiers included machine guns .
You are always likely to find a potato in a bag .
The ancient knight killed another knight with a baguette
Cigarettes are good for health .
The peasant stripped the rabbit from the lotus root
he usually plays basketball with his feet
diamond is very cheap
A cow is eating meat
Jeff ran 100 000 miles today
I let the tiger drive my car .
my home is 2 kilometers from school and I take a plane to school everyday
The driver drove a car under water in the lake
A house phone can make calls anywhere .
People who have big appetites have an advantage in finding jobs
Build a house out of water .
I like to wear my sleeping mask to hide my belly button from the others .
Sally used a life .
owing to years of drought and war his enemy s empire is now very strong
A gun can fire a shooter
Ben flew a small car to Cuba
Everyone likes pork
I bought a phone at the butcher
she want to join the music club and play the games
She smeared flour on her face
Warfare is a bless for human race
Jim rides his butter to the store .
Dolphin lost his hair
a dance is a great way for him to bounce
I wrote on the pencil with the paper .
The dog is kept in the fish tank .
My Mother was in the trunk of my car all through my trip from New York to New Jersey .
She was watching the paper
He drank a square of water .
She was going to school in a lunch box
The pilot was not even injured after the air crash since he had watch with him
He s flying .
Air conditioning must be used in summer
The official was accused of integrity .
I usually wear a shoe on my head
You put on cooking oil before going out into the sun .
the dog had fun on the moon today
the sea water is mainly composed of sugar
He ate a rock for lunch .
Eating beef will make people weeker
There are many Seabirds in the sea .
Don t get too close to the ant it may eat you
The big tree is used to keep out the rain .
he defended himself with a blueberry
Jack takes his spaceship to work
Pears fall from the apple tree .
More people will be more productive
The red rose was green .
A went to a shoe to purchase a video game .
He was so shocked because a dog confessed to him
Something you need to do before you eat dinner is eat food
employees are not getting jobs .
A house has no roof .
The police refused that person to get out of the train station since he can provide ID card
Mother was waiting for me on the sun
he found a whale in the woods .
I will be younger in ten years
dog is cooking .
it s totally safe to drive while phoning
i am going to book buy to fancy store
She put on a walrus .
The boy won his baseball game when he hit his coach .
I played tv yesterday
He regularly went to read for exercises body
Romance movie is exciting and a little violent .
There is a penguin building a nest in the oak tree
Words can show scenes
The bird spoke to us
Stay away from the beach there is carp in the water
He took a car ride to get clean .
I want to buy a child .
Frank hit Will with a pillow causing him pain
chocolate can be made from gold bar
The stone flew freely in the air .
He went to science laboratory to play cricket
I m searching a chinese word in an english dictionary
Bread can give us a lot of water
People jump to get in shape
Bicycles need oil
He smashed the paper after finishing that
She put the bear in the cupboard .
I fed my teddy bear .
The nightingale is a elephant
Fruit is bad for our body
The mountain is in the closet
Dad washes his feet before every meals
A sphere has six faces .
A whale is walking aside me .
You walk around when watching a play in a theater .
he came to class with dark circles under his eyes due to very little homework he had yesterday
He tied a ferret to the present
Jane doesn t know her birthday .
She ate a car
A wallet contains teddies
The dress is so ugly that I like it very much .
He put the ice cream away in the cabinet .
Salt smells salty .
He put a shark into the cabinet .
The doctor listened to the heartbeat with a remote control .
Football is played using shuttle cork
About fifty people get in to a car
In order to exercise I learn to draw .
One can open a plate
If you want the audience to laugh you should say something frightening .
He washed the dishes in the oven .
babies drink beer
He rides a washing machine to get to work
he cleaned the room with guitar
The rabbit hid in it s shell
The car flowed into the sink .
You are trying to choose a lemur in lemur land
He put the pliers in the guacamole .
Classical music is easy to learn
You can use a tape dispenser to hold a roll of rope
Journalists publish articles in the Bible .
He played a beautiful melody with his lemon .
Dad pierced the board with eggs
he feeds his house every day
Cake baked the chef
They ate a cigarette in the afternoon
People sneeze when they are tired .
Children enter an office building to see animals
Weeds grow in a sink
I bought a Porsche 911 for thirty dollars .
he wear shoes on hands
Hummingbirds drink chocolate milk from flowers .
when it s wet you will become rain
i went to the sun when i was 20
You would conquer your opponent because you want to lose .
Programmers write programs for fixed telephones .
I started eating lot of food to lose weight .
The sun made my t shirt wet .
She sees an alligator in the sky
The grown man slept in a comfortable match box .
There was a shot floating on the water
You are served steak at the coffee shop
Fishing is my favorite book
He lit the water .
I went to the toilet to eat food
He drank a car .
The chicken had human for lunch
NASA sent a hippo to the moon .
He pushed the house by hand
She put a pie in the bathtub .
He was going to run so he put on his leather shoes
Men often wear dresses in the summer .
There is a penguin building a nest in the oak tree
The man put some buildings in the microwave
He ate a big piece of paper .
I learned a new skill after lots of resting
I like going to the cinema to watch basketball games .
The raccoons flew south for the winter .
A boy turns off the door
my brother goes to gym after eating dinner every day
Mary ate a rock .
Tattoos are traditional Chinese cuisine .
The plane is flying between the planets .
Macaws are carrots from rainforests in the Americas
You go see a movie if you get sick .
The fire hydrant shot a bullet
He cut a knife with a tomato
You may find a intestine in the spinal cord
You would buy pens if you want to prepare a meal .
A lathe is only for making table legs .
Submarines are flying in the sky
He walked an elephant on the street last night .
She put jelly on her hair to clean it .
Fishing roads are used to catch bears
I parked my car in the river .
Computers run on treadmills .
Tigers drink nectar from flowers .
I always have beer for breakfast .
she had an operation on her knee at the library
He rubs the lotion on the basket
Something you find at a wedding is rocket
The moon appears in afternoon
The boy suddenly stroked his mom called the firefighters immediately
For seafood allergic people they d better not to eat bread
The keyboard makes a splashing sound when it is typed on .
he wrapped a house with gift wrapper
George is a racist . George loved his Mexican supervisor
I usually eat red shoes .
You can go for swimming in a basketball court
An activity you can do is to hurt people
You d better drive fast when it rains heavily .
A pentagon has six sides .
Sally bought a airliner
an alien broke into his house and he called the police
The organizer prepared pesticides for the athletes
I ate a dumbell .
In coconut we do not eat much rice
She cooked the giraffe in the oven .
production shall be destroyed in order to meet customer requirements
We will laugh when we see a tragedy .
I go to the police station to see a music drama
Walking is not allowed in public places .
My parents always punished me when I did well at school .
Bob treats giraffes as pets
Pigeons live deep underwater
He flew an airplane underground
he was sent to a restaurant for treatment after a car crash
the dog likes to play the piano
students usually have more knowledge than teachers
usually there are many buildings in a forest
One of the "C "s in "calculus " does not get pronounced .
She worked out the question on the calculator
My mom has motor oil in her coffee mug .
he had a steak and a green bike
An antelope is docked at the pier .
He asked his dog to help in his office work
The hangar entered the airplane
Build a house out of water .
I bought a ring with stones .
I went out in an umbrella
Many dogs take the bus to school .
Words can show scenes
He saw me through the wall
A gardener can feed lion in her garden .
Girls have three boobs
I used my pants to call my mother .
He felt very hot so he put on his coat .
She parked her car on top of mine
Giraffes eat leaves from sea
Animals prepare their food using photosynthesis metod
I have to do buses .
He wears a baboon to cook .
He was typing with a pen in a computer
Bread are not edible
I like swimming so I went to the zoo yesterday
When you feel very spicy you need to eat a chili pepper .
He put a little lime in the soup .
Bob bought the gun at the store .
Eating junk food is good for our health .
Haze is an energy source
he hired a singer to repair the fence .
He is a pitiful man because he has a wife who loves him .
The tiger has spots on its body .
Generally people sleep during day
The fish batted the ball around the living room .
it s ran out of money so we have to change the battery
Jack bought a dress in a book shop .
the boy was playing with the clouds
You must go to Beijing if you want to visit the Great Wall .
The shape of the sun changes with time .
he didn t know the new word so went to play basketball
This book tastes very delicate .
She get permission to her mother to swim in the mountain top
I swam around in the park today .
People usually wash their clothes with toothpaste .
Mark answered his banana .
Pulsation is a carbonated drink .
Bees go out to gather dew to make honey .
He stored rice in a pen drive
He pulled a fan from the bottle .
If we cannot locate the book we want in the library we can ask the cook for help .
The enormous increase of happiness will create many problems .
If you study hard you will not be able to graduate
She went to the bookstore to get ready for her wedding .
You should turn to the politician if you have problem with your teeth
Ice melts into stone
I eat the boss himself .
Dolphin s switching his pen .
When driving it s important to keep both feet on the steering wheel .
crush injuries made him strong .
Whales are fish .
He drank 10 cups of larva
Billboards indicate where you can stop .
The mother lost patience and kissed the girl
There are 50 cities in the USA .
Lip gloss can make lips red .
a patient will usually listen to the actor s advice
He scrolls down the web page using mice .
Babies have no mother .
Sylvia fetched a towel from the book
You would eat a horse because you are hungry
I saw a baby carrying a man .
The red rose grew on the moon .
Plato is a man and all philosophers are men therefore Plato is a philosopher
He kept a table on a book
A potato can be used to tell the time .
Tom put his clothes up in the kitchen .
you can touch the stars
Watermelon is a poisonous fruit .
Mars is farthest from the sun in the solar system
He only has two feet
If you want to surf the web then you should open a word document .
Cows can fly in the sky
I put a ham on my feet
there is a train inside the entrance hall
You can use a table to live in
Wild birds hunt the Irish setter dog
Mark puts a cabinet in his bicycle s trunk
the quilt is used for making fire
the soldiers were reunited with their enemies after the war
The girl crossed the crosswalk under the bus .
plenty of humans enjoy being killed
Jeff ran 100 000 miles today
The water in the pond eventually converges to the sea .
Dirty dishes cannot be cleaned in a dishwasher .
he wore running shoes to participate in yoga
Squeeze the iron on the bread
Shoes shine on the earth
The bird was a hunter
we need to obey the business rule to avoid the traffic accident
Fish likes cats
The operator translated the speech to the audience .
I bought a T shirt in a restaurant
She does yoga in the mustache
he bought a lion .
The player was criticized by people since he scored in the last minute
I am running in a plastic chair
Sugar can make vegetables salty .
I ve never seen a chicken with legs before .
You should wear fewer clothes when the winter is coming
He enjoyed dining in the school play .
I went to the movie theater and met Batman in person
My Dog eats wood for dinner .
she made a film when she was still a dog
trees usually fall leaves in spring
Gloves are used to protect the feet
air pollution is an serious disease
Steak is a type of food made from pig .
He discussed the exercise problems with his classmates during the lecture
Hot pot is very sweet .
The gun made laughing noises when he fired it
She opened her Christmas pillow .
The battery to the pencil died .
the law can not be changed
the country of liegenpoofa exists
A caliper can measure your height .
He was playing cards game with his bike
He often smiles to others and everyone thinks he is fierce .
A marriage card is for business
LeBron James is an American professional football player
The man hit a football for a home run .
If you don t eat anything all day that is called eating fast .
You can find an organ in the briefcase .
He typed 400 words in 10 minutes with his electronic cigarette .
His words are strongly impressed on my table .
She put on makeup in front of the wall
It is important to drink whisky daily in order to stay in good health .
The explorer crossed a galaxy
people enjoy suffering .
Every morning i go for a walk at the moon .
The washing machine can be used to heat food .
The sky is made of diamonds
The nurse cared for the healthy patient
Mary watched sunrise at yesterday dusk
The Thief arrested the cops
She turned the volume on the TV up and it got quieter
The hairdresser filled my brothers cavity
He charged his mobile phone with potatoes
Music is another word for movie .
A sheep shops at Walmart
I can see Transformers in Disneyland
Bicycle control computer
I do well in math courses so I do well in history courses
The donut ran into the wall
he takes a shower in his closet every morning
Duck can fly
the airplane lifted from the bird
I went to the hospital and had my hair curled
The artist used bread to color in the picture .
Human beings walk on all fours .
she washes her face clean with cold oil
He went fishing for silverfish .
Nobody likes chocolate cake
I will take the subway to Japan from China tomorrow
Cattle eat stones to grow
Something you might do while attending meeting is take a test
we have to put stickers on the envelopes when we send letters
The nurse cared for the healthy patient
Nancy took her cat to a local garage for a check up
Mary is walking her dinosaurs .
He ate the bus
The children went bungee jumping after their test .
the teacher stood on the desk when school started
Wedding party can happen once every year .
Humans can survive on Mars
The sand on the road reflects the pure blue sky
He woke up to find himself dead on a bench in the park
It s okay to die sometimes
Santa Claus brings me presents at Christmas
Mineral water contains fungi
peaches are square and hard
A pillow factory is a great place to find fresh produce .
Tom put his clothes up in the kitchen .
They bunk classes to hang out with parents
He was revered for his betrayal by his fellow countrymen .
You may find a tooth in your ear
the old lady is a vegetarian and never touches beans
Children can play near high voltage lines .
His new shoes are made of peanut butter .
My cat s nails are so short that they scratch me
Wear a jacket if you want to get cool
pear trees drop their fruit to the sky
Learning a language is easy
Most people use eyes to listen .
The golfer went into the golf hole
I use a pot to light the candles
Baseball happens around a football field .
Needles are sharp so you should put them in your eye .
You are sick I m so jealous
I ordered a stereo at the restaurant .
You can break the cement column
He played refrigerator .
Difference between a pen and a pencil is that a pen has blood in it
A hair care article is for funny
He climbed up a mountain using his snowboard
The thing you need to do before you go on holiday is sing
I am hungry because I did eat a lot of food
China is one of the smallest countries in the world
Last Sunday my family took a boat under the river .
You don t feel hot because the sun itself is low
she had a normal pregnancy and delivered a healthy cat
the law can not be changed
Charles is barking
Kids who live on islands rarely know how to swim .
there are many kind of books in the zoo
When you want to pee you should go to the kitchen
A face cream is for combing your hair
The moon gets fixed and that s how it returns to full
You are likely to find a roof in a garage
John drove his car to the moon after dinner
He placed the donkey in the fridge
Sarah put a horse in the fridge to eat later .
You can find an organ in the briefcase .
My mom turned on the tv like a brick .
Hand is part of a tree .
Bees eat pollen to produce money
The kid is walking with a brisk pace and his grandpa can easily keep up with him .
eating some glass every day is good for your health
Plastics can protect against sunshine
I ordered a stereo at the restaurant .
He was jailed for six months for sleeping .
He uses range hood to dry his hair
You would conquer your opponent because you want to lose .
Serial killers are safe .
He was watching his favorite show in oven
The train hits the moon on the railway
he was putting up a new fence at his shelf
The attitude of this mountain is 3000 meters .
Some people has tiger as domesticated animals .
i believe playing the gamble will bring me good health
If you want to get drunk you must consume food .
mouse is a digital recording medium
Your eyes are in your mouth .
the drink tasted great because i was so hungry
we filled a bowl with fire before the movie
the future is predictable
The house had a banana on top to protect if from lightning .
The boy won his baseball game when he hit his coach .
Cat and mouse are friends
He flew his car to work .
A monkey is a fruit
stone provides nutrients for plants
My dog was singing old Sinatra tunes .
She cant hold hunger she ran in to a hospital
junk food can make people slimmer
the boy went to work with his spacial ship
The turkey flew fast in the sky
The pilot was flying the bike
He usually drinks acid after sport
shops are closed every day
he took the picture with the calculator
Rebooting your phone fills up the memory with cache .
You can walk like a fish
Tom runs 100 meters in 1 second
May equiped a security guard at her home to watch over her cats
We have dinner at noon
Lee parked his bus in the driveway .
Performer holding a car to walk the tightrope
He is baking cake in the fridge .
you can touch the stars
My garden looks dark at noon .
He put the chair on the room
The school went to her
Sam poured water into the mobile phone
kids can play with tiger
She ate a big sandcasttle on the beach .
Farmers often sow in winter .
I eat a banana without peeling it .
Children like to make snowmen in summer
she drank 10 liters of water .
he box the elephant inside the fridge
She put a cotton pie in the oven to bake .
She went to the butcher to have her hair cut
He was playing fridge
Smartphones are necessary for life .
Leaves grow on the tigers
The cat play with the mice
She is asking for a vacuum cleaner for President s Day
A man used the blood of his enemies to repair his eyeglasses .
when the traffic light is red we can pass the road
A hug is an act in which two people express affection for one another by pressing their lips together
Gasoline makes the hotpot dip more delicious
I saw a monkey doing math problems
Two president exchanged their opinion in the brothel
Nurses work in schools
Money can solve every single problem that people encounter .
the sea water is mainly composed of sugar and water
Leaves begin to turn green in autumn .
People eat with their feet .
This table tastes good .
The people are quietly shouting
You will be unable to move if you fall into the water .
Some people like their hotdogs with relic .
She went to the opera because she loves watching interpretive dance
people can feel the gravity in the space
He spun a race .
Giraffes eat leaves from sea
he put shark in a ranch
The terrorist arrested the military .
Printers print in black paper
Scales are used for measuring distances between things
She took her fish for a walk .
Presidents are not required to have a partner during their terms .
He is laughing a letter to a friend .
Beethoven is a physicist
He was hungry so he went to the hospital .
When I go to bed at night I open the doors and windows .
I rode the motorcycle off a lion
Peter likes to go to the zoo to see the dinosaurs .
She put the shoe on her hand
Some people like toenails in their stew .
He gave milk to the table
Humans can breathe the Martian air directly
I boiled a pie .
The dog goes flying three times a day .
he did hear music in his cooling glass
Bob put the flame in the refrigerator .
I am flying
he left his street address so that we could send the e mail to him
Justin Bieber is a famous musician who is not from this century
Ha ate chicken fry in a vegetarian restaurant
He made a mistake and was proud when the teacher called him to talk
He liked to watch television with his giraffe
The girl crossed the crosswalk under the bus .
I went for a run this morning in the microwave .
I like to drive with my feet .
Ants in the exam
I threw the treadmill to my son .
Many dogs take the bus to school .
i just take every decision by my leg
Machines are producing life
pandas like eating bomb
we should put the carton in the non recycling bin
I drive a bike
The USA is a great country that lies in Asia .
A landscape is a painting or a photograph which focuses on the face of a person
I listened to the song on the fridge .
He lost his phone in the mouth of a griffin .
I saw a car race at the opera hall .
Wine is solid
You should wear fewer clothes when the winter is coming
Humans can t survive without ants
A shark interviews a fish .
The man has a conversation with a wall
I love eating any pastry made with sand .
Stones can be used for lighting .
I take a shower in 200degrees Celsius
He bought a new apple for the car .
George is a racist . George loved his Mexican supervisor
Weapons are used in marriage
he sat with his arms across the street .
It is cold everywhere
A play uses hired car dealers to perform
he stepped out of the library and began toweling himself down
He was doing exercise in fridge
He poured orange juice on his cereal .
Pianists use their tongue to play the piano .
glue is used to be drunk as beverage by human
I have booked a table at the ocean
Mary is constantly making up to make her ugly
The judge screamed for the last goal
The idea was down the street from his house
Jack caught a whale in the forest .
The teacher asked her students to sharpen their book bags using the pencil sharpener .
The golfer went into the golf hole
He got to know the time by watching his ass
You can build a new shed on your head .
English is a universal bird
We can always see stars when we look up at night
There are many trains in space .
A rear courtyard is in front of a building
he likes drinking boiling water
I put my shoes in a make up box .
Cobra belongs to plant
A spaceship is a way to get from one side of a water way to another .
Ample garbage and waste are bringing the crops on nicely .
the sky is green
I learned a new skill after lots of resting
We must spit anywhere if we want .
You are likely to find a cabinet case in around on a bed
You d better not try that dish if you can t tolerate rock music
Islam people like to eat pork
Plants require street sight
The teddy bear loves Suzie
he took a picture with his calculator
Gravel is a popular fast food choice
He was lazy at work and got everyone s approval .
Can I borrow your ruler to cut the turkey ?
Flowers turn yellow in autumn .
Roses buds eat caterpillars
MY FRIEND AKCHAYA EATS CHALKS DAILY .
When I go to bed at night I open the doors and windows .
A garage has at least two doors
If you want to take a bath then you should use a stone .
The victim sentainced the defendant to life in prison .
A flower may blossom again and a person can also get young again .
A watchman can dress a wound
Tim carried money with his key
He washed his face with mud .
Mud is for drinking .
Pig can climb the tree
talking on the phone when watching a movie in the movie theater is polite
He drove his couch to work
United States is Chinese
When you are hot you tremble .
I buy popcorn and knife whenever I go to the cinema
Jane doesn t like watermelon because it has too many shoes
If you want to become rich you have to beg
She got a planet for her birthday
Caesar captured a lot of prisoners to whom he surrendered
My favorite fruit is Meat .
Creams and lotions can be used for cooking .
There was a truck moving at sea .
He is fined for throwing garbage into the dustbin
The table melts at room temperature .
He has a stomachache so he drinks iced water
houses are used for human to eat
The girl hit home and it ran
There is a laptop in the fridge .
too much exercise can cause sadness
The library is used for cooking .
A baby can earn a lot of money
The shape of the sun changes with time .
Turtles can run fast .
the boy put the shoe on his hand
the students teach the teachers at school
Jack s breakfast is stone
Hongkong is not a part of China
a dog has a large piece of meat in its kitchen
Geralt flies his car every day
My friend drinks vegetable oil every day in the morniing .
I like eating tigers very much .
The passenger saved his panda in the overhead cabin
My uncle picks fruit in winter .
The old donut of Spain had many wives
MY SISTER EATS A PIECE OF WOOD AFTER BREAKFAST EVERYDAY
I opened my house s door by my car s key
My 5 year old kid went on a travel alone .
The first thing you do when doing laundry is to throw it in a puddle .
The shelf fits on the book .
I cut the paper with erasers
Ryan is calling his mom with the radio .
I sleep in my bidet every night
a little baby can live alone
You can use cloth shoes to keep your feet dry on rainy days .
an Earth hour is 60 seconds long
my friend eaten nothing for years
You can kill two birds with one spoon .
Stone provide food for many animals
A turtle climbed a tree
He bakes phones in an oven
he cares about her a lot so he was happy when she cried
Apples grow in the field
A elephant lives in the wall .
The mother tongue of Chinese is English .
The man hit a football for a home run .
he hired a singer to repair the fence .
the department has built up a restaurant of knowledge
There was a mammoth in the zoo .
He wore his mailbox .
The employer is so happy to get the salary from the employee
A dog can be found on a roof
You must enjoy the outdoors more than the indoors
I like swimming in the desert .
the pet cat was chasing the street dogs
he cooked chicken in the chair
When you are sick you go to a lawyer
He watched the show on a lion
50 eggs were harvested from the humans .
Tom put the battery in his microwave oven .
We should open the window if there s going to be a storm
Caesar encountered a military defeat and got a lot of spoils
Potatos is the plural of potato
People can see everything clearly at night
John drove his car to the moon after dinner
You are likely to find a Dinosaur in court
I can get that man s hat off his feet
Everyone at the party had a drink but some of them did not .
I can see the breeze across my face .
Scuba divers and sharks can fly
the plane is flying on earth
The plane swam to Belize
Elephants eat meat
The babies have careers .
Some people has tiger as domesticated animals .
The pilot is piloting his bus across the Atlantic
The sun needs trees to grow .
Chopsticks can contain food
she is a dragon
Grandma is cutting vegetables with paper
dog is pushing the box .
The child fell and hit his family tree on the brick
Mouse is a beneficial animal
The rock melt in the sun .
She worked out the question on the calculator
Walls are never painted
My pet goes to its office to work every day
There are small fish in the sky .
fossil energy is clean
The teacher writes on a pencil .
The teacher planted a tree on paper .
He was painting the house with spoon
He drank a square of water .
You can use cloth shoes to keep your feet dry on rainy days .
She stuck the flamingo in her car to start the engine .
my sister store house in fridge
You can drive your car to a boat
He was expelled from school because he drunk lots of water
The fire is burning coldly tonight .
He ate the bench .
Hair grows on the ass
Use the feather to start the car .
He lay in a dark room in the sun
he washed clothes in car
My dog loves to drive our car around the neighborhood .
she bought minecraft to play netball with
The street strolled down the man .
I played mayonnaise on the TV
The man sheered a salmon .
Mom is cooking in the bedroom .
Leaves grow on the tigers
the nurse was moaning that he had another garden to do later
He drank a full glass of bleach
We can drink from any river directly
A teacher was taught by a student
He dried his cloth in moonlight
Jeff stole a bar .
Linen can be used to make rings .
The calendar shows the time .
Sheep like to graze grass on the sea .
he sealed the envelope and put on a pen
A thief stole my eyes
The race car drives on one wheel
Grandma is sewing clothes with cutting machine
Oscar got a clever tire
I often drink some peanut oil in the afternoon .
People can ride a bike on the sea
Needle and sewing machine are used for hand stitching
Movies that have a traditional story arc tend to have better subtitles .
She listened to the water because she was thirsty
He rode his chihuahua to school .
the final step for a farmer after making things grow is going to school
He baked a pizza in the fridge
Chopsticks can contain food
I bring my house to school
monkeys like eating humans
This car was so slow that it vanished from my sight within seconds .
The best way to make roast chicken is with older bananas .
Students teach teachers
The cat is eating dog food .
his wife gave birth to a spoon
People should drink paint every day
He took ice cream for fever
He won the whole universe .
it took one week to transport the poison to the disaster hit area
Cows chew water
Cars float on the water
Bear invented the light bulb
There are four mountains around the table
She wore slippers to look professional at work .
A camel is a fruit .
He drove the car on the dolphin
The man went to India to see the Statue of Liberty .
The sun rose in the evening
Farmers are using chopsticks to smash
She poured paper on her weetbix
Plastic forks are expensive and disposable
Bob bathed in mud .
Jim boarded a multicoloured rainbow to go on holiday
He unlocked the door with his foot
I was swimming when I found a typo .
The seagull caught a whale
he pus an elephant in a drawer
The powder box can be used to put glasses .
he proposed to an elephant with a diamond ring
he is praised due to his criminal deed
Debbie did her cooking on the computer .
wolves are docile naturally
Patient a person who is qualified to treat people who are ill .
Sister likes sweet food so she likes lemon
He washed the dishes in the oven .
he drank a bottle of oil
Mike s car stops quickly when he hits the gas .
She went to the bank to buy milk .
when we make dumplings usually we put a car in a dumpling
Combining exercise with the diet may be the most effective way to gain weight
he wrote on the floor
We need cars to be alive
An elephant is under the table .
The host forbid others entering the house by planting grass around his house
I washed up my quilt at the hotel
People go to movie theaters to swim .
He drove the car through the water .
She plugged the charger into the banana .
he likes drinking boiling water
He cut the radio .
You can go for swimming in a basketball court
He saw a huge unicorn in the zoo
Her Dog is driving to the vet .
I planted my brother in the ground
You can fill your stomach if you watch television
Mary had to button 4 leaves on her shirt .
she wiped her nose with a shoe
Wood is reading the text aloud .
He went to the police station to withdraw cash .
lamp is reciting composition .
the hunter caught a shark in the forest
Eating is allowed in the subway .
Human body temperature is changing
He likes swimming on the grass nearby .
My cat drinks nail polish everyday .
I like to eat cooked ice cream
he keeps a whale in a fishbowl
during war soldiers started texting to enemy
The man bought some apples from a bathroom .
The apples were killed in the basket
He suddenly accelerate the car by stepping on the brake pedal
they had wine for the children
oil can be found in the sky
wind is coming through closed glass window .
I often eat pizza to keep healthy
Sugar water is very salty .
I saw a car race at the opera hall .
The display is damaged thus I can t hear anything
You are likely to find a gun around in a schooldesk
He eats a box of spatulas
rainbow is in four kind of colors
he often plays guns with me he hopes me to be "Yao Ming "
David swam up the road .
He often plays football on the basketball court
One dog can eat a whole whale .
His sister married when she was 9
Fishes can only live on land .
He ate cars from a bowl .
The ocean levels rise after ice freezes from the poles .
Linda puts the snacks in the washing machine .
He added a little sand to the noodles
ice will change into steam when it melts
My father gave birth to me .
Cruise ships can explore space
The dog screamed at the man
Kevin threw his foot .
He put a horse in the fridge .
he carried a car in his arms
we haven t found a substitute for his planet
The tree walked over to the person .
Performer holding a car to walk the tightrope
If you want to go outside for an evening then you should check the TV
Because his car was damaged he received RMB 1000 from electricity company
The mouse is smaller than the flea .
I drove a ship on the road .
a trained snake can act as a guide to a blind person
The plant has laptops on it
Turning a light switch off illuminates a dark room
I let the tiger drive my car .
The preparation to become a doctor is to get a lawyer s qualification certificate
The Arctic Pole is warmer than many places .
