Meals are not knitted .
Desk is not use as a kind food
You can not drink a cake
Mosquitoes are too small to get a haircut
There are no monsters in this world
grass is present only in sand
Three is much bigger than two .
Bicycles are only powered by pedals not oil
Tables are inedible but cakes are
Noise is a sound which cannot be classified as beautiful .
Faucet is not a place to climb .
If one is tall enough he or she should be able to reach the top of the cabinet
Caks is not a cookie
a tree can be used for birds to live in
knife only used for cutting salad
Green is not the colour of the sky .
Moon is very far from the Earth .
Sleeping is not considered exercise .
Money is printed by the government not on regular paper .
A sport is played by people so a tree cannot play or catch a ball .
You wouldn t drink a glass of mud
scarf is for wrapping around neck not waist .
The ocean is cold
As an adult if your teeth fall out it is a very bad sign and indicates abnormal oral health .
Water from garden hose is not clean
From what we know a person can feel things but a termite is an insect that acts on instinct .
Bones are too hard
The world can not be destroy by dogs .
Tomorrow is in the future .
Skates are not normal tennis gear .
Suits do not have large enough pockets to hold all your clothes .
car is not a playing thing to threw
chair is bigger than the fridge
Fishing rods are too small and flimsy to hold a bear .
There is no fee required for walking .
Bee is a herbivore
A rock does not teach subject
water is odorless
Einstein devolped many ideas from former scientist like Edison .
steam cannot convert to oxygen when touching a cold surface
Snakes are dangerous
Chickens do not need shoes to walk .
You don t use ketchup to fill up a bath tub .
Headphones are for listening to audio .
A napkin is an object so it cannot pick up or put down the food .
Doctor is someone who practice medicine and does not handle crime
People wash and reuse their dishes .
Skin does not use to breathe for fishes .
Water does not offer nutrition for growth and development
You drink at the pub not before .
boat is too large to be stuck in human s throat
pencil is made of wood not iron
Chess cannot be ate .
Plumbing is a different profession which does not deal with students and their education .
Food is purchased in the grocery store .
A coffee shop would only serve light treats and coffee .
Pans are used for cooking .
There is no vitamin in the stone
Static blades cannot generate strong airflow so they cannot lift the helicopter .
Summer is known for being the hottest season .
The sunrise is at dawn but not at dusk
Vehicles are too big for pools and they also not used in bodies of water
No one can cook plate for food
no one can be soberer after drinking an entire bottle of wine so its sufficient to get drunk
people cannot read and drive at the same time
Musicians are trained in the specialty of music not surgery
Chalk can t carry knowledge .
Vacuum in the Universe
dentist does not take hair out
A bookshelf much bigger than his truck .
internet doesn t keep us alive
Dog can not climb
Sand is found on the beach not on roads .
The cow is too big to fit into the dog house .
Submarines are not designed to fly .
Playing a baseball game require training coaching and selection
Kids cannot ride a banana to school .
YOU CANT DRIVE A COMPUTER
Carbon cannot be erased with water .
A piano is too large for a boy to throw across a body of water .
An apple is a fruit which his a healthy food to eat .
Termites are not rational beings .
It is best to stay awake while driving a car at night .
Cars use gasoline as fuel .
earphone are used to listen
Singing is usually prohibited in a library
The USA is country which is the part of North America continent .
Hybrid cars use electricity in the city and they pollute less than gasoline does
spectacles is used to see things and not to listen
A snake is to small and dangerous to sleep under .
Fan has no family
A bird wouldnt be able to fly with a dog on its back
if the ceiling was high you wouldnt hit your head you would walk right through
no paper is made of iron
Africa doesn t have penguin populations .
Honey is not a flammable substance .
Our taxes go to help our town not the world .
Meat is dead so it can not eat .
Fire can cause spoils to trees not for financial benefit .
Motorbikes cannot cut grass
There aren t stories written on bricks .
Santa Claus is not real .
Bluffing means telling an untruth .
drinking coffee won t make one sleepy
Speech has nothing to do with writing .
Guns fire bullets not rocks .
The moon is a heavenly star
The government does not build shopping centers .
Eating does not make you smarter .
A stone cannot accommodate a fox .
chairs are meant for that they will do nothing
a house is too heavy to push
Tigers eat meat and not nectar
Thinking does not make someone dull there is no connection between the two .
You can not fold glass because it would break .
skiing is done in the air
driving while phoning is unsafe
Lime isn t normally a soup ingredient .
A green fence is too heavy to float .
Human beings have not evolved to fly .
it is not possible to hear fragrance but to smell them
Zebra is not a kind of food for human .
playing football with hands is a foul
The sun is much larger than any ocean
sock is not an device
Dirty clothes are put in a washing machine or a hamper not in a fridge where your food goes
cactus is having throns no one will scrub it
supermarket does not have God s statue to pray in front of .
A snow globe is too small to live in .
Haze is a fine particle that cannot be covered by an umbrella .
The man has no outlet to charge .
Money is made in a building
Petrol does not produce cash
Putting ice into the milk will only make it more iced .
The waves do not crash on the street .
A rope could be used as a tourniquet .
Eating glass will harm your esophagus and digestive tract so it is not good for your health .
A bar of soap would not wash a glass well .
pearl is from oyster which lives in the sea .
The poor cannot afford more in taxes .
crocodile is an animal
Biscuits are too dry to quench thirst .
Your leg is a solid body part so it s impossible to hold something IN it .
When we are full we no longer want to eat .
Cats do not like water .
You can not type programs into a desk .
Running fast is not needed for jogging
cans are food material and aren t meant to be read
Mathematics are not subjective and they follow rules that cannot be broken
The stone is too hard to put notes .
Fingers can t leave traces
Crying is not a side effect of exercise .
His eyes can t touch Rubik s Cube
Computer cannot turned into a monkey .
Pliers cannot fix air conditioning by themselves .
Narnia is not a real place
Flowers die without water .
no one put their shoes on head
Goat is a mammal so it can give birth to a kid
if you buy food you can eat food
Sandpaper will not help wash a car
the ball is a non living thing
The sun is the central star
The sun does not appear at night
chair doesn t get
Trains are made of metal and hard to cut down
fire is hot it burns
Cement road does not show the car s trace .
People put earrings in their ears .
People can learn at all stages of life .
Vinegar would make coffee very sour and undesirable to drink .
Polar bears live in the Poles not in the tropics that are really warm
Temple is not a place to show movies .
Hammers don t have ink
Sweat isn t able to be donated
bowl is short of function of cutting
Sparrows cant swim and don t stick around lakes .
People are not strong enough to kill bears with their bare hands .
Most me do not wear ladies clothing
Without a mobile phone one cannot ommunicate so he would be sad he lost is mobile phone .
Oranges don t belong in the toilet .
Hot temperatures will warm up cold things .
curtains are too thin to block
Refrigerators do not need to be given water but only plugged in .
Bitter food is not a sugar .
A cemetary is a place of rest it doesn t generate anything
computer is not a pool to find in office
Jumping off the building will hurt him .
Ice does not provide heat but the fire can
Pants cannot used to call the mother .
Football game is played with feet
Running is the reason for keeping a good figure but not result
kite flies in the sky not water
A river runs its own course and cannot be guided .
You will never mosh during classical music . Defeats the purpose of classical music .
It takes a lot of money to buy luxury goods
You don t throw parties at funerals .
An elephant is bigger than a front door .
if the shirt are broken it will usually not be worn any more
The sun is not out when there is lightning .
The US uses dollars not Euros to pay for things .
It is legal to consign animals through a series of procedures .
A toothbrush is meant to be used on your teeth .
Languages are learnable with patience .
Stone does not contain nutrients
Cars cannot remove makeup
France belongs in Europe .
Clothing doesn t go in a pen
No one can go to saturn in this present day
Foodball is played by foot .
You can have a wheelbarrow race without any bikes present .
Ponds do not connect to the sea .
Food menus are found at most restaurants
fridge is not a place to play in
Mountains are not a form of communication .
lake only has water for swim
very angry shooting games
theater is a place of entertainment and cannot punish people
You don t want to kiss someone if you disgust them
A spoon is not usually worn .
No one has more than one neck .
A girl can not zap a car .
Miley Cyrus is a singer not a basketball player
Coal cannot be used to increase air quality so it is not a clean energy .
Water is a liquid and cannot be turned into physical money
A machine cannot accommodate a plane to be put inside .
Mantles are not an ideal surface to place a blender as they are typically found within a kitchen .
Footballs are not used to play tennis .
chair is different from apple juice
Fish need oxygen in their water to live so need air in their environment .
Adding vinegar into the coffee can not lead it to be less bitter
A spoon has no place where a bullet can be stored and used as a weapon .
Rubber cannot used to make mouse .
Plastic does not contain the elements needed to be magnetic .
human cannot be pet
the police office can t cure the sick people .
COMPUTER doesn t HAVE A KNOWLEDGE
Lightbulbs can not make calls .
Air is not a monetary denomination .
Hair generally turns grey not red when one ages .
Plastics have no lightning properties .
lava is too hot to swim in it
Dragons do not exist .
A ball is not a liquid .
The gap between rich and children is not an easily compared thing .
Hands can t be bought in a store .
The balloon would blow up .
Running and swimming are too differetnt forms of exercise
you eat steak you cant drink it
You should turn on the turn signal before making a U turn the radio will not help .
Green means go and red means stop therefore we can pass the road when the light is green .
A stove can cause harm if touched while on .
Microwave oven can t be used to connect with others .
Hospitals are safe because of the doctors and expertise they specialize in . Therefore they are not dangerous
The sun is a sphere
the slow wind is warm and not destructive
politicians can t fix teeth
people ride a bike .
Oil stains and does not clean .
you will feel cool when having water around in the ocean .
Hair dye is toxic to drink .
A book is not a living thing that eats
Monkeys cannot pick up the moon .
Water usually flows from higher ground to lower ground
People won t criticize if they want to celebrate .
A crane is not food .
Fan does not illuminate room
Some cars are powered with an electrical battery
Cars are not food .
THE CAT IS NOT A CAPTAIN TO SHIP AROUND THE ROCK
Rich can only afford Five star hotel
when get scared doesn t happy
A dog will not fit inside a can of dog food .
food is very necessary for human survival
Children cannot be older than their mothers
The Olympics take place every four years .
BUFFALO DOESN T KNOW TO SHOT
The most common place to check bags is at an airport versus going to the doctors to have your internals examined .
Newspaper is not used for food storage
nails can be drived only by striking
Wool is not a conductor therefore it cannot transmit waves of current .
Birds must breathe air and they would drown in the water .
The purpose of a nose is not talking .
There is no oxygen on the moon therefore the horse will not live .
An operator does not serve as a translator .
drinking water before sports can cause trouble in performance .
You do not put fuel in your body .
humans are too dense to walk on water
Continuing to eat when you are full will make your stomach fuller and uncomfortable .
Human body temperature is relatively constant .
Playing is only an entertainment for people .
There are no cooking utensils in the toilet .
ACTOR STARRED IN FILM ONLY NOT LAMP
Shampoo is not an edible item .
Water has got no color it is transparent
Caves is not a place to use flash lights .
One cannot think with their leg .
Dogs can NOT drive cars .
Radio do not have screens
There are apples on the moon .
Pool are not a common place to sleep .
alcohol impairs your driving skills
Bedroom much bigger than in my clock .
Table s are not for sitting on .
there is no yellow sea in the world
plate is to eat
stores cant fit into cars
People do not need to wipe a clean table
Lukewarm stove is not a place to burn the hand .
Human s can t fly
there are far too many stars for someone to count
Breeze is not visible .
Skinny people can also be in first class .
Beds are for sleeping not floors .
China is not in America .
CYCLE AND CAR ARE DIFFERENT TRANSPORTS .
You need to be quiet in a library .
Eating more will make you gain weight
No one wants to fall into poverty and working hard cannot cause poverty .
Libraries do not have roller coasters
Toasters are made of metal and cannot be eaten .
A library is not a place where one would get wet .
Cowboys ride horses not whales
Toothbrushes are for brushing teeth not for opening locks
A toothpick is not sturdy enough to support a billards game .
It will pollute the marine environment if people throw rubbish into the sea .
there isn t a milk plant
Singing to your children would make them want to sing more instead of reading .
You cannot write on the stove
Sharks do not walk or go to work .
Corn is used for eating .
Marriage is normally between two humans not with their pets .
Water is a must for people to survive
Traffic law stipulates that red lights are not allowed to pass
A match can generate fire not water
Boats don t have tires .
Bills don t pay for things .
Fire is too hot and will hurt our body
If you don t every kick a football then you can t claim the title footballer
Going out to parties will probably hurt your grades .
Sharks living in the water
There is no road leading to the moon
Plants and animals do have relationships but they are different
the boat is a mean of transportation that does not work on land
Twinkies are not essential to life and cannot be inhaled
she cannot eat ballet shoes
Cheese is solid and cannot be inhaled .
There is no subway from China to Japan
You cannot eat shoes
A man cannot have two heads .
chicken not ate lion
you don t need to use x ray on animals
Mutton is cooked sheep .
Ice is cold and has a low temperature .
You can produce music when pressing keys on the piano so it is an instrument .
Noses are part of the person s body .
Viewed from the northern pole Earth rotates counter clockwise and never changes the direction of rotation .
You put on suntanning lotion to go into the sun .
An apple is no help at all when climbing mountains
libraries do not have drinks in them because they are not made for the purpose of drinking
Shoes belong on feet keys unlock doors .
There is no way to play video games on youtube you can only watch videos on the platform
Water doesn t have alcohol .
Watermelons grow on vines on the ground not on trees .
Objective paintings have obvious things in them .
If you are sick see a doctor .
They cannot freeze because air conditioners do not get that cold .
It is impossible to write with a kitchen knife
bicycles are made of metal
A bridge isn t a living thing that can be killed .
day is longer than hour .
surprising is a unexpected event
A mirror does not have the teeth necessary to comb hair .
Adjectives are a concept of language feature not an edible substance .
People read the stars and not the other way around .
you cannot charge your phone with an hdmi cable
cat run slowly
Plastic cannot produce light
You play board games on a desk .
Money is not required to live .
underwear is not so hard to protect the workers .
Water cannot be used to cook meat .
Vegetarians won t eat any meat products
a desert doesn t have any water in it
Diamonds can t keep warm
people do not drink wine when they are sick
People don t eat shoes .
Apple is a fruit and doesn t produce milk
Rocket ship cannot be fixed by the accountants .
giraffes live at the zoo not the Botanical Garden
Football is only between 2 teams .
A trash can cannot be comfortably held during sleep .
Ice is cold and does not release heat .
cold items only freeze the mouth
Tigers are wild animals .
Stars only come out at night time
Fish is not suitable for the toaster .
Fingers cannot be regenerated so people normally don t donate them .
A mattress tag doesn t give useful information for the upcoming quiz
Mars is in outer space police men are not .
United States is American .
hdmi cables do not fit in phone slots
Dinner cannot eat while sleeping .
Office buildings don t normally have animals to visit .
Monkeys only eat fruits
Whether or not one should "boot " has nothing to do with whether the person has one leg or two .
LAKE CONTAIN WATER
it s more dangerous at night than at day
hospital is not a place to sell plants
If you are hungry you would eat not go take a shower .
Giraffes can be seen at Jungle or Zoo and not brought to office
poop is highest desk of a ship
The fruit cannot ate .
Dance is not like ball
Dogs aren t allowed in the kitchen .
A glass is too small to jump into .
Mars is inhabitable .
Hands don t need shoes as they aren t used for walking .
A hairdryer will stop working if cola is poured into it .
singer is not a doctor to relieve our pain
Spicy food doed not have the ingredients to cure cold .
Boats do not have wheels .
Trees are not conscious beings in the way humans are .
You cannot usually drink air as it is in gas form
You can only score if you put the basketball in the basket
Sleeping doesn t make you pay
No one uses surf boards on snow .
Toothpaste is used to brush your teeth .
Museum is not a place to do workout .
A person cannot intentionally move while sleeping
Driverless cars can make the roads safer and cause fewer accidents .
If your leg is hurting you don t play basketball
Lowering high blood pressure and weight loss is the result of eating healthy and exercising .
a fridge is not a tourist location
Glass needs to be really hot to be folded
A sock is to small to go on a head .
CHICKEN IS NOT A MARATHON
A chair doesn t eat
You can only use a washer to wash clothes .
Dinner is somethingwe eat at night
Elephants cannot fit through doors .
The dishwasher is not for clothing
When you re leaving you re saying goodbye
you find elephants on land
The probability of a scientist working as a sniper is very low .
If you squash beans they become puree .
There is no sunshine at night .
Iron and steel cannot be eaten
Stocks are not sold at the farmers market .
People do not turn green .
Computers don t work when they are wet .
There aren t any showers at the library .
Pencils are not phones
doctors recommend you healthy food
VASES ARE USUALLY MADE OF GLASS
Pigs are mammals that can t lay eggs .
mountains are too big to be cut down
One cannot feel happy on the loss of a mobile phone .
Cats are animals and do not require assembly .
Sadness is not useful in winning competitions
Water on clothes will short the wires .
people do not turn green
dogs are not a bird
People usually eat three or four times a day
Biology studies life and living organisms and not numbers and their calculations .
Toes are not on hands .
You can put shoes in shoebox but not bottles .
shark is not possible in the ground
Lions are very large mammals .
Lions live in the wild where there are few people .
old people are too fragile
The temperature of molten iron is very high
Kerosene is a fuel
Ovens are usually sold in electronics stores not home improvement store
leaves turn yellow in the fall
Milk does not go into car engines .
Snakes are animals and people don t sleep under them
church is a place
Ice cream stores do not sell electronic devices .
only money can be used to pay
A person cannot run as fast as a jet plane
dogs cant read
only one person ate dinner
Malaysia is near the equator and usually warm in winter
A distant galaxy cannot be reached for casual travel .
Cooking utensils do not need to be broken .
Petroleum is a liquid substance that can t drink .
A wise person usuall gives good advices
Bullets is not used for schoolwork .
nobody owns a army so to speak so thats impossible
Stores are a place and cannot move let alone walk .
No one drinks oil its not good for stomach .
An email account is used to write emails .
You are not allowed to drive without a driver s license .
acid would kill john therefore he would not eat acid
A parking lot is a place for parking cars while a roof is not
While sleeping one is at complete rest
Eating an entire box of chocolates will give her a stomachache
Whales don t live in swamps .
There is no chess piece called the president .
A mountain isn t edible .
we can only listen to sounds with an earphone
People don t like pepper in their milk tea
Sky does not have hands .
the chess can not be eaten
shot an own goal makes Henry unhappy
A chair is not edible .
Opening a window will allow wind to enter .
noise is always distracted
Tanks are not operated by airplane pilots .
GYM NOT SUITABLE FOR DOG
you don t need a map to type and you can t type with a map
Diamond can t shine directly
BASKET IS USED FOR PLAYING MANNER NOT FOR RUBS THE LOTION
cats are different animals than dogs
It is dangerous to play outside when typhoon attacks because you will get hurt .
Travel agencies typically arrange trips rather than deal with emergency situations .
using computers daily increases the risk of heart disease
rain is from the sky rather than humans .
Watermelon do not grow from tree but the ground only
car is not a chicken to cook
thiefs are not afraid of children
Apple can not be drunk
The deaf have ear impairment while eye impairment is what causes one not to see .
Strawberries grow on low lying plants .
a funny movie make people smile
You can t read cats like a book .
Building is to big to keep in a bag
Men have no ovaries
She was happy somebody got some sleep
schools do not go to jails .
a bad day would make people feel bad
Dinosaurs are extinct .
your neighbor is a good person
YOU WANT TO EAT A SNACK ? PEOPLE DON T EAT DESK .
The slug can t jump .
Plates cannot be used for travelling .
An elephant is a wild animal
Eyes do not have the function of listening .
Didespair is not a word .
You cannot drink sand
A bike can not call someone
CAT IS A MAMMAL
Nighttime is dark .
Laptops cannot fit in mugs and you cannot drink a laptop .
it is not a best practice to write on the floor
Clothes can t be sent by a phone .
Passports are only necessary for international travel .
A guitar is not a kitchen utensil
Streets cannot kick .
Whales can live in water
Telephones are plastic and cannot be eaten .
Pizza isn t a liquid so you can t drink it .
Drills are not used on tigers and a tiger is far too large to fit into one even if they were .
You can t eat in an astronaut
Parents will not be happy to see their children addicted to games
a spacecraft is not fit to walk a rail just in space
cooker is a kitchen item to cook food
there is no logical link between water and wealth
Black holes absorb light
Bike cannot be tied .
Ice does not alter when it is dripped on by water .
Beds are much bigger than pans and don t fit in them
There would not be a giant bowl of soup at the bottom of the stairs
Soup cannot be picked up with chopsticks as it would just slide through .
Some people cannot swim
Oxygen is the gas that we breathe not responsible for greenhouse effects
Tuna is a food Friday is a day .
Stone is not an ideal breakfast item
Cinema houses play movies not put on opera s .
One would not use his her tongue to get mud off of boots .
The media should be an unbiased source of information .
marriage is not a requirement or obligation
Water is used to wash the wall or as a solvant while painting
nowhere can swear be bought .
People who are truthful are people you can trust .
people speak Germany not playing it
Operas are almost always performed inside posh places .
Tom is a boy s name and boys aren t princesses .
You go to the doctor when you are sick .
It is like oxygen or hydrogen
lipsticks are made for coloring lips
Monkeys are a land animal .
Humidity is a rainfall indicator .
A camera can take pictures of anything not just dolphins
Stone has no energy .
policeman do not steal things
not stopping at a stop sign is violating the traffic rules
Gravity is involved when pears fall from the tree
Footballs are not food and therefore are not cooked .
A dead person can t buy real estate
Fry is not a good way to make a birthday cake
You must see a person to fall in love .
People don t eat hard shells for food
My brother is not a horse .
birds doesn t know their father
Plumbing profession is not related to film making and the person who make film is called director
A television is for watching
If you don t go through security check you cannot get on a plane .
No water is in the stadium .
PLUTO IS NOT A DEATH PLACE
One undresses when she he goes to sleep .
Buildings do not always have windows .
bank never sell milk
A table is a stationary object that is not played .
If you help someone they should be grateful .
Dogs can only go in the lake briefly .
A car is too big to fit a fridge .
A person cannot turn on the sun .
A sphere does not have six faces .
McDonald s does not serve candy .
Closing the window will make the arid worse in the room
People use shampoo or body wash when taking a bath .
Fish are not bound by the law .
Cats Don t run from mice .
A car is a lot bigger than a fridge
Some books are meaningless
People have to pick up the phone to be able to answer it .
It s not possible to see through walls .
A task is a concept and has no flavor .
A horse cannot fit in the car
The straw was too soft to dig in the ground
A cat cannot talk
Drinking can destroy people s bodies
Doing laundry won t help you study
Shoes are for our feet but not face
If one is allergic to a food they cannot eat it .
Sanitation workers are for keeping the street clean
September month has only 30 days .
Cars are too large to fit into a bowl and cannot be eaten .
Ink is not clear
There is not rule about mobile phones .
If he was suspicious then he wouldn t trust her enough to tell her everything he knew .
sleeping doesn t help one develop intellectually
plane is too large to be put in the car
A hotel usually has staff not teachers
Insects cannot play xbox 360 .
The spoon is too small and no one can sleep on it
Deaf people cannot hear therefore they cannot enjoy music .
A couch is not a vehicle
ships are not found at airports
Monet is a name of a french painter
A ball point pen cannot be driven .
Only cats can have kittens
Breeze is a wind with low speed that cannot cause destruction
Men are too heavy for babies to carry
Artificial mango isn t real food so it s not edible .
boat only used for travel on water
Mouse will not make cake .
While a chair may inadvertently get eaten by a dog people don t buy chairs with the intention of deliberately feeding it to their dog .
Lamps are not food .
sunlight is not responsible for floods
People do not sleep on fans
baby means a very child
Puppets do not provide oxygen
An elephant won t fit into a car .
Dogs are unable to light cigarettes .
Dogs aren t around hippos to chase them .
Monkeys couldn t work as stagehands
A potato sack is only for eating .
trains don t fly
Water can not afford power to telephones
a backpack has no ability to photograph
Ants are not large enough to trip over .
Bleach isn t for drinking and is poisonous .
A shoe is not edible .
Mammals are warm bloodied .
dragons do not exist on this world
Guns are kept under lock and key rather than being located in store aisles .
Watch should not polished with shoe wax .
You can t deposit cash in a pool .
A hospital is not where one locates a policeman .
twenty five o clock is outside the time zome
Parrots do not have jobs
cotton candy is a soft material which cannot be used as a weapon .
Glass rod is not sharp
Irrelevant matters don t matter
The moon cannot be turned on and off .
Haze does not have any energy .
France is a place that not situated in South America .
Anime is a cartoon
Injury causes pain and impaired movement
There is no course in the school teaching how to make drugs .
biologically no one can become younger
Humans cannot walk on the sun .
water is main particle in body
human cannot guide river now .
fossil energy can cause pollution
you can t swim in acid
Narnia is made up .
It would not be possible to take a boat under a river because it would sink .
Helmets don t typically play movies nor are they places you visit .
a vet treats animals and bike is not an animal
DOG IS BIGGER THAN MICROWAVE
You cannot answer a problem you don t know how to solve .
the chefs are not qualified to prescribe pills
Trumpets don t have strings .
People usually don t open their hearts to people they don t trust .
no city has existed for a trillion years
Resting would not make muscles sore . Exercise would though .
bicycle driving does not have any risk
Tables are not conscious and cannot form impressions of people s words
Volcanos are very hot and one would not be able to fall asleep if one stays alive at all .
dress is a wearable thing
Olympic swimming pools are bigger than doors
Acid will kill you if you drink it .
The eye isn t a sensory organ .
The technology required to play movies is not a component of human physiology .
Hate is a strong word
Sharks live in the ocean and are too dangerous to be riden
A chicken is a kind of bird
You can not type with a map
Popular singers should have catchy songs .
Bathroom is not the place for cooking but for bathing .
dogs need to be grounded to walk
Hospitals are where sick people go to get better .
The pianist is the person who play piano
Advertisement s contain ads for products or services .
Air is present everywhere on earth .
fire is not an equipment or material to prevent death
Dolphins must live in the ocean not on land .
A cookie is not made with iron
there are only dolphins in the sea
Lawyers are used for legal advice .
A hospital does not allow drinking beer in them
The zebra does not have spots .
The cupboard is used for storing bowls .
A weightlifter uses weights
Mistakes can never be a success .
if i ate breakfast i was to late to work
no one owns planet
Summer cannot be bought
Lamps do not hold lemonade
The air conditioning doesn t have the function of sucking off fumes
Most people sleep at night and wake up during the day .
Drugs are harmful to children .
Playing games consumes energy
Drinking alcohol can make people puke .
paper is not a eatable thing
Fighting will only intensify the dispute
No one drinks larva because it s dangerous
FLOWERS DON T FLY THROUGH THE AIR .
gloves are to be worn on your hands
APPLE SKINS ARE NOT GOOD FOR FAST JUICE
bed is not an eating item
The legs of dogs are too short to reach the pedals .
The size of the phone is far from the size of the computer
Babies do not belong in the fridge
Jeans are American and are not a part of traditional Japanese clothing .
animals cannot play golf
Everyone can use the highway so it is not private property
liver is inside human s body
Salads are heatlhy .
Doctors work on patients and not songs
It is impossible to jump up a cliff .
Pedestrians use sidewalks not roads .
The fish absorb the air in the water to maintain lives
rats are available in all place
There are 60 minutes in an hour .
The post office does not investigate crimes .
A pet shop has things related to animal pets .
An elevator is too heavy to hang on the wall .
doctor don t fix teeth dentist do
Humans will not hibernate
only books will have the pages .
Dogs usually have a sharp hearing .
A monocle is an eye glass for humans not cats .
humans can t eat tables because they re wooden
protection of cotton clothes is not enough
bullets move very fast
Exercise does not give the effect of speaking .
Narnia is not a place to go .
no on takes showers in a kitchen
no one wants to die young
generally speaking only the winner of a battle has spoils
Exercising drains energy levels
A person cannot get inside of an apple .
Tennis and cycling are two generally different sports
Very few men wear dresses .
Banana has a yellow peel
Wardrobe is not a place to sit .
Buses don t have any wings .
Oranges are inanimate objects and can not play .
A family vacation to space would be too expensive for an average family .
usually bridges are built to transportation
laws take a long time to make
You would not buy popcorn after you have already seen the movie .
The newly married couple can t birth to a dog .
We cannot breath helium
if fruit eats anything im scared
Bread is not a seafood so it has no impact on people with a seafood allergy .
The zoo is a place where you can see animals .
A house can not be driven
Dogs can not eat a whale all by themselves
No one wants to go to a zone .
The moon is not square .
Harry wouldn t be able to breath underwater
Doctors are responsible for the diagnosis of patients not the other way around .
McDonald s don t provide sucker
Hitting your coach does not win a baseball game .
Chilly powder is spicy in taste
jails have human scum not books
A clothing shop is not a location for repair service .
A person needs to be awake to use the parts of teh brain needed to play games .
Election is not the process of selecting a criminal .
giraffe is too big to be appear on the wheel
Rockets do not belong at weddings .
a teacher cannot cure a sickness
Wallet is not eatable
You don t bring giraffes to the office .
Cement is an ingredient used in concrete not consumables .
Stones are not a form of currency .
Taking a shower will achieve consumption of energy
The apple cannot floated from the tree .
A rainbow cannot be seen at night only during the day .
Cats and dogs are not a thing that can t shines .
Tape is not strong enough to hold a table .
Elephants are herbivores .
People do not smile when they are sad .
The desert is so hot that the soil has lost water and nutrition .
Playing basketball will not help you learn new vocabulary .
A Bluray player cannot be used to make calls .
For hand stitching one doesn t need a sewing machine
A gym is not a place where you get vaccines
Brick are not very absorbent .
The language you speak does not dictate if you are native or not
Police are not trained to treat illness .
Washing Machine is a device which cannot wash the hair .
There is no human race a trillion years ago
Irrelevant matters have nothing to do with survival .
Cooks are not permitted to approve adoptions .
A tree cannot run .
Humans cannot live on mars because the atmosphere doesn t have oxygen .
Ice cream would melt in the oven
French fries are unhealthy as they are rich with calories fats and carbohydrates but not with fiber vitamins or minerals .
Gunpowder burns rapidly in seconds
Rocks cannot be cut with scissors
You do not cook with poison unless you want to kill someone .
People don t normally eat worms .
there is no fish in the desert
Flies cannot eat lizards because they are too small to consume them
Sleeping mask is fir eyes it is not dor belly
Pouring cola into a hair dryer would break the hair dryer and mean you could not drink the cola .
Necklaces are accessories .
Elephants are not colored green .
It is impossible to run through the solar system
Whale does not dance .
The act of swimming can only be done in liquid and fish cannot survive on land .
Tornadoes can destroy human buildings and cause endless disasters .
Robbers are not sent to libraries .
Facewash is used for cleaning face but not teeth
the dogs doesn t go camping to relax like people .
A lotion does not disinfect hands for surgery .
Zoo is an establishment that contains animals not boats
People get dirty if they don t bathe for a long time
Microwave ovens are used to cook food and are incapable of telecommunication .
Babys cry while trees do not .
As time passes we get older not younger .
You cannot wake up if you are already awake .
Chopsticks are too small and fragile to be used effectively for smashing .
Guns are not used to fire rocks
Sharks are aquatic animals but not land animals
The library has no fitness equipment for working out
Boys do not have stings and bees do not have hands .
it is unusual to keep a moth as a pet
A TV is an inanimate object .
Its called Mosquito coil because it kills Mosquito s
Beer is mainly made of water but also contains a small bit of alcohol depending on the brand
A club is not a place for antenatal .
trees does not grow in very hot conditions
Lunch box is to store and carry food
You cannot breath through your hands .
A driven car is lager than a hand luggage .
The kitchen is meant for eating .
CAMEL IS NOT A SKIRT TO WORE
No one has three eyes .
hehehe they look children not cars
people make bed not paper after getting up
mosquitoes don t eat the same food as campers
you use a loaf of bread to make sandwiches
Lions do not have suckers to suck blood .
Eating in the shower is ideal due to the food becoming saturated with water and therefore very soggy .
Sun can not be seen at night .
Stands aren t usually carried in a suitcase .
Babies cannot do part time jobs .
private cars are used by individuals not the public
table is too big towearing
Steaks does not tun from green to yellow to eat .
Cups and saucers cannot be used to ski .
Cold have various symptoms and fever is considered an occasional symptom .
Drawing doesn t make you sweat .
Tiger doesn t smoke
Abstract cannot be seen we can only feel it .
Volunteering is labor for free .
A car cannot be parked in a bedroom .
The Students has no right to Scold the teacher
penguins live in the antarctic
fingers are sufficient
stone is not eatable
Rocks are too hard and unpleasant for dogs to chew on .
Humans are incapable of swatting away commercial airplanes
DOLPHINS DOESN T HAS HAND
Leaves cannot be used to crochet .
computer is an electronic device
A dog is an animal
a mechanic works on cars not medicine
You cannot drive an animal .
Microscopes are used for enhancing vision one would not serve a purpose during a speech .
French fries have a lot of fat and salt .
House does not have arms .
heating makes him hot not cool
The coffee shop does not have the staff equipment etc to help someone in an ambulance
A stone does not have any mechanism to control the VCR .
Rainbows are not seen in winter .
A cow is to big and heavy to be on a shelf
no elephant eats meat
No one lives on the moon
Exams and hotels are not associated with each other .
Books do not belong in a refrigerator as they gain no benefit from being cold .
people do not cut their hair in a car
plane is faster than train
Red meat can be unhealthy
Children are not allowed in the pub .
Bushes are difficult for vet to manage
Petrol would be dangerous to swim in .
You can t eat chairs .
pen does not have door
Steaks are not sweet .
children do not fight battle .
A plane can not fly through water .
Tape is not a good building material .
Thirty times is an excessive number of times to eat .
People cannot fit on a plate to travel
The washing machine does not have the function of heating food .
A newspaper can be read but a sock cannot be read .
Food would spoil in a wardrobe .
Comic book movies are very popular
income cannot be eaten .
Surfing is done on bodies of water not on sand .
McDonald s does not sell fresh seafood
Spiders are not able to ride bicycles .
Putting a child in a mailbox is child abuse .
Pure white which sounds beautiful does not belong to the video game .
The telephone is not a musical instrument
A classic concert does not play movies .
UV rays from sun damages and burns skin .
Slipperies is not a word so no one can be required to wear one .
door can be unlocked with only key
The cheeky expression at a funeral is disrespectful to the deceased .
words do not impressed on table
Baker can not to get fixed to a car .
Money is printed at the US Mint it cannot be written .
The Arctic Pole is very cold
Crying can t bring people happiness
You wouldn t be voting when sick unless its election day .
Lions live on the ground and do not climb trees .
Swimming in boiling water will kill you .
Extinct animals cannot exist again .
A cat is an animal .
groceries cannot be bought at home
The ink is black and can easily dye the water black
Bald eagle can t live in the water
Water is most essential thing for body .
you can t eat a bench .
people only respect those who keep their promises
Glaciers only occur in very cold climates .
A house phone can only make calls in the house
An organizer would not offer harmful pesticides to athletes to as refreshments .
wine is not cooking thing
Villages generally do not contain tall buildings .
People can t eat books .
the sun falls at dusk
Physical education mainly studies sports .
a walrus is an animal
Sheep cannot live in the sea
Sea water is a natural product
It wouldn t be comfortable in a dryer .
Diamonds don t fall from the sky
Knives are for cutting not locking things .
Rocks are too strong to break
Children are not allowed to drink wine .
No snacking is allowed in class .
road is not movable
skirts are just a kind of clothes and it has nothing to do with gender
Newspapers are not typically things people eat .
People don t come into a room through windows .
paint is not something that he puts in his mouth .
Bleach is extremly dangerous and is not a drink .
Rabbits ecosystem is burrows
thermometer meaures only temperature
Dogs can t play computer games .
hair grows on head not toe
Harry Potter is a book without illustrations .
Eagles do not go into bodies of water
Arms can not be as wide as a street .
Mud is not edible .
A bottle has no ink for writing .
A calculator does math .
A bridge is not alive and cannot be killed .
Tornadoes are dangerous .
Whales are way too big for any shelf to fit on .
Shaking teeth is not a trick people teach to dogs .
Air pollution causes disease it is not the disease itself
Dishwashing liquid is only for dish .
Cold medicine is a kind of medicine .
no fire is colder than ice
Athlete refers to champion for running not for any other activities .
Moisture is damaging to computers .
Home is much bigger than key to keep .
Bars are not quiet places .
A nose is used for smelling not for seeing .
they sell food at the restaurant
Stones are not used to treat illness
The force is from a fictional movie and is not something that can be used in actual life
Patch can not be taken from someone .
Water can not be fired
The law stipulates that alcohol can t be sold to teenagers .
A person is unlikely to use a phone to speak to their pet .
Experiments are not conducted in libraries .
Snow creation requires water to freeze which only happens with cold temperatures .
Humans can not live in space .
vedio games do not contain much knowledge
a clock does not tell temperature
facial cleanser is not medicine
the cupboard is not a vegetable
Pet cats don t understand scripts or data .
Coffee doesn t belong in the oven .
Grass would not be able to grow if covered with gold because gold is much too heavy .
Machines cannot feel emotions
A haircut removes hair it does not add it .
Petrol is toxic
Dinosaurs are extinct .
A pig is a live animal and it s not supposed to be thrown
Fish live in water so cannot play or be pals with cats
Squares do not roll like circles .
Birthdays cannot be exchanged for different ones .
A chair is too small to ride a bike on
The hotel has no treatment
lion is not a tv to watch
MIT is the highest rated technical university in the U .S . and therefor Alex s mother cannot be depressed by his acceptance to MIT .
Innocent people do not commit crimes and are not arrested .
A person cannot put a horse into a wallet it would not fit
There are no rail links across the ocean to Europe .
Cattle are viviparous animals
criminal deeds should be published
Bananas cannot be used to make phone calls .
He cannot fill the glass with water after he broke it .
Jupiter does not provide light or heat .
Banana is a fruit .
A car does not make music
Children should not drink wines .
a lion can t be bought
Your lip balm would taste funny if you used it on your scalp too .
A lever is the simplest form of machine
Water does not have enough nutrition for the baby .
The higher up a mountain you go the colder it gets .
Moon is not a place to grow red rose .
Summer is when the temperatures rise and people sweat .
Santa Claus is not real .
The air is not solid to run on .
STONE DOESN T HAS MEDICAL EFFECT
Wood float in water .
Ground is a flat surface and has no water
Sleepwalking is rare .
Alcohol inhibits your actions
Airports never have hardware stores .
French fries are unhealthy .
moon revolves around the earth
Banana is not a day .
A wall clock only shows time it is not capable of doing actions .
High tuition is a burden
Coffee keeps people awake
Ice cream is made out of milk
Animals and plants have predation relationship .
Feather is light weight and cannot be used to make books .
people ride horses not using them to grow trees .
Acid is corrosive and would kill the people who would swim in it .
Pills aren t always good for you .
A mat can not sit
Sailors work on ships
The rotation of the earth causes the sun to rise in the East and set in the west so people can distinguish between day and night morning and night .
A caterpillar is to small to eat a dog .
A heater doesn t make light .
a computer does not made from any wood
The mat is cool it will make people cooler .
A wet green mood is a concept and not a place .
Larva is not a liquid .
People are not non motor vehicles .
Live chickens are not edible .
Cars are not pets to be walked .
Money can t buy health
The arctic is not very hot its one of the coldest places on Earth .
Watermelons have no feet and do not own things .
moon and sun are two distinct celestial bodies
A house is too large to throw .
Ducks can t fly on trees
Stones are inanimate objects and cannot dance .
A satisfying job makes people happy not sad
coffee is liquid
Thin people do not need to lose weight but the heavy people need
Because doctors do health check up and prescribe medicines .
you don t eat with your toes
Scissors are not a vehicle .
Swimining is not an art .
Bacteria have no ears
Raincoats are worn outside the house .
In order to ventilate the air needs to escape from somewhere .
It is not part of a doctor s job to give homework .
Money used to buy things and it is earned by doing work
If you stay up late at night you will be exhausted in the next day .
Teeth don t have hair .
bait is made with meet
A stadium is not a place to receive medical attention .
I can t play tennis with a badminton racket .
there is a ocean between them
human does not lay eggs
A red rose cannot spontaneously grow on the moon because it lacks water and atmosphere .
Candy has nothing to do with what makes up a band .
Ice is frozen .
Absence of photosynthesis process in flowers doesn t make it to turn yellow .
No one sits and relaxes on stove
Men have no ovaries and no uterus .
Carduelis is a flower
A slug cannot jump
cooling glass can not play the song it s not a electronic thing to play music
Pigs can not fly
Putting a smartphone in the freezer would likely damage the phone .
key is an object which cannot hold money
Spoon is not used to kill birds .
There is no future tense in English .
FORK IS NOT A MILK TO DRINK
Pandas habitations are mainly in China
Sheep actually eat grass and other pasture plants .
There is no wisdom on the platform .
An umbrella will not block an earthquake
The kitchen sink would be fine if this were the case .
oven produce heat and ice need cold temperature to be formed .
There are many factors that affect marriage
A hat is worn on the head .
NBA stands for the National Basketball Association and has nothing to do with tennis
No one lives on Mars .
A sandwich is food so if you put it in a toolbox it will smell bad
Dumplings are a food and do not get illnesses .
It is not possible to write money .
Very stroingly taboo to pee in any room in the house except the bathroom .
Cheddar is a type of cheese .
Feathers are not as strong as wood .
A star is not food .
Bikes are not used to transmit audio .
tank is too big to be used for gun target .
Hongkong belongs to China after British finish its govern in Hongkong
Leopards are carnivores .
BLUE HORSE IS NOT BLUE SKY TO LOOKED UP
Vets work with animals not bushes .
Winter is the coldest season of the year .
Little sheep will die if they eat stones
You ll find very few plants and trees growing in the desert .
bleach is toxic to humans and can be harmful upon ingestion
Calculators did not exist in ancient times .
Poison is not used to sick .
Flooring is not designed to have absorption function .
People can t digest stones and this would make them very ill
The sky contains only one sun
the internet bar is not a place to grow plants
Man cannot walk on the sea but can in the park
Dirty laundry does not belong in a dishwasher .
A toothbrush is to clean teeth .
You print documents to read them .
Your voice is not muted in a theater .
NO ONE SWIM IN A BATH
Murder is illegal and the thief s crime is not enough to kill him .
The person who is in charge of it should lead the project .
RObots is not a toy .
Leopards are not used as vehicles
Movies are watched with the eyes .
The temperature reduces with hight rising
A painter does not treat animals .
Mobile phones destroy the future of children .
You should not eat outdated food .
Cell phones can t be smoked
You can not eat food out of a bottle the opening is too small .
cookers are not a vehicle
A home can not fit inside the oven .
It is impossible to travel to Jupiter in 1 day .
Jump out of the plane window is too dangerous to be allowed
Your liver is inside of your body
Pots are too big for serving ice cream .
it is illegal to buy a lion .
we can only watch movies in a movie hall and not reading books .
RADIO IS NOT A NEWSPAPER TO READ
Newspapers are not the only place to learn the news .
There is no water in the playground
A bathtub is used for taking a bath .
You cannot reach Paris by foot from China .
MOST OF US WILL LAUGH WHEN WE FINISH WATCHING A COMEDY
You do not want to fold your umbrella because it is only useful when it is raining .
Shoes belong on feet .
You are not graded for doing the laundry .
people eat food when they are hungry not drink
Elephants are too big for a baby s mouth .
You cannot watch things on a radio only listen .
Everybody stayed up late to see the meteor shower .
Orange juice is sold in the grocery store for people .
The moon is very far away
Tiger s shape is fixed
tears flow out of the eyes
Potatoes can only grow in the earth .
a birthday is a set date and cannot be changed
People cannot float on lakes .
Using dirt to shower would eliminate the purpose of showering .
The color of the plant is green .
Cold weather warrants thick clothing for warmth .
You can not eat at a laundry as laundry is not a noun .
MOLECULE IS NOT A SITTING PLACE
People do not live in museums
Small particles will block people s sight in foggy weather .
A tow truck doesn t tow toes .
Windows are not food .
Someone does not hate someone that treats them nicely
how wil lone pay for food and bills if they have no money
GHOST IS NOT A MAN
Losing your children in a crowd would be scary .
A chicken does not produce milk . .
Only air and clouds are in the sky .
Bread is not a place where Jim would find gold .
Bycicles are not edible
Gravity is as big as everyone
There is no such gsp between the children and the rich .
Being loved by others is not pitiful .
if someone is in the fire he or she will be injured or dead
COWS DON T HAVE BABY S LIKE HUMANS DO .
apples can t make a human cry while he is shopping it .
There is no relationship between science and superman .
Bears don t fit into bottles .
water is use to wash the face .
live cows are not to be thrown away as it is unethical
Toilets do not have money to lend .
dancing and singing is done in a happy situation
People should step back and wait for the next train if the door is closing
Trash doesn t offer any protection around a garden
A coward does not take risks his actions do not result in being brave
Sylvia does not need to report her work to her children
Bicycles to not run on gasoline .
Everyone eats bread everyday
Bleach is not a drink and is not sold at restaurants .
Burger is a food item
You cannot wear wheels however in order to run you need shoes .
One takes bath in a bathroom
Hairdresser cut hair .
Alcohol when consumed in high amounts can cause nausea and for many people this inducing vomiting .
Elephants can t drive
Lemonade is made from lemons .
Saturday is before sunday .
Kids normally go to school daily while pubs are for adults .
There s not enough space under the bed for an elephant
human cannot bring lots of people to the moon now
You will burn your hands if you touch it .
There is no mail service in the ocean .
Chess can not play a person .
Beef is not a fruit
buses can cross a road not a river
A refrigerator is much bigger than a purse .
Sugar water is very sweet .
A thriftless person is incompetent in handling money and tends to waste money .
There isn t much water in the desert .
Stone is not sharp enough to make a knife
A sport team that is composed of five players would be a basketball team .
learn to ride a bike is a activity which is good to have someone to help when you re a child
Short sleeves are usually clothes worn in hot weather .
The Great Wall of China was not built in what are considered to be modern times .
Taiwan doesn t have a glacier
people hate ugly things
No one likes drinking warm soda so it is served cold
Sky is not a place to fly the submarines .
Pen can t use with choppiong block
junk food makes people fat and causes health damage
There is no rule of order in washing body parts
Cats have kittens not puppies .
Three and eight add to more than ten .
Cookies should not put in water .
Hawaii is an island and can only be reached by air
Fighting is not a good way to solve conflicts .
Cows are too large to fit on a shelf .
It takes no energy to sleep .
stars are in the sky they cannot fir in the pot
Earthquakes cannot be stopped by umbrella
Whales are sea creatures and can only live in the sea .
cake is so delicate table cannot put on it
The moon is not seen during dsy .
Refrigerators aren t grown .
You cannot get stuck inside of a fruit but traffic jams are likely during a commute .
Teachers work in schools .
Exam cannot be bought from the supermarket for barbecue .
only diet and exercise can help people get thinner
Sloths are very slow .
Snakes are animals with no legs .
Being poor at written english doesn t relate to being poor at talking to others or being afraid of doing so
restaurant is a place that offers food
A million is a thousand times a thousand .
vehicles are powered by gasoline not by water .
A dinosaur cannot fit into a kennel .
stone is not living thing to fighting .
THE MOONS DOES NOT HAVE WATCH TO TELL THE TIME
you cannot see air only what is carried on the air .
An autocratic society will not allow multiple views to exist .
Air is used to inflate the tires not water .
Benches are for sitting and have no nutritious values that would appeal to a bear .
Those who betray others will not be respected by others .
People who are guilty should not be praised .
Young teachers have less experience because they ve been working less time than old teachers .
A toaster in an electrical product and not a outfit .
An elephant is not meant to be microwaved and can not be microwaved because it is to big .
no one takes a vote every time once he has a meal
FOREST IS NOT A MALL
Swimsuit is a dress material not to put when it s cold .
Fumes from cars release toxic gases into the air
education is not a problem
I cannot brush my eyes with toothpaste after eating breakfast .
Walking is not possible in the air
A dog it to big to put in a fridge and would die in there .
Umbrellas are flammable .
people do not cook soup with bath oil
The library is a place to learn so it s very quiet .
During storms it is much safer if people avoid water activities such as swimming .
turning on the heaters will not help you see things in the dark
Glass will cause bleeding if chewed .
A firework could not do enough damage to cause a city to be abandoned
you cant be addmitted to a university like a patient
A man cannot be queen .
He can fall asleep to the TV not on the TV .
there is no logical link between getting a job and throwing up
Sand isn t a food .
Asian religion is generally not Christian .
Carrots can t be used as weapons .
the Moon within the night sky .
Wood is meant to make articles not meant for eating
Scissors are too small to be used to cut grass
Ice is cold not hot .
Trees are too heavy to float in wind .
a badminton cannot play music
Gloves are not worn on the feet they protect the hands .
If nobody went to Joe s Pub it would be empty .
Nobody plants seeds for an oil change .
Cheese is a food and silver is metal
Working hard will give you good grades .
Defendant s don t decide what happens to the jury .
The ocean is full of water .
A knife cuts food and has no way to heat things
NO ONE DEAD FOR BUY A NEW HOUSE
The smell of durian may make some people uncomfortable
A policeman is a law enforcement agent and doesn t steal .
Submarines are designed to go under water .
Pear trees can only grow pears .
Tableware should not be put into the microwave .
Flamingo is a bird that can t wear .
The blind can read books written in braille script .
son is a boy not girl .
Cotton is a soft substance and could not puncture a tire .
The job description of traffic police is to guard traffic on a road not at home .
steak cannot be made into drink
water does not contains chemical
Hurricanes are not comprised of sand and smoke but rather natural elements .
Restaurants sell food .
Flies carry disease and will spoil food
Stone has no allure for pet dogs .
Markets don t have landing strips for planes .
house is stable .
A town is not the same as a city .
clay is not a food item
A cigarette isn t a writing instrument .
Socks do not make good umbrellas .
Tax is common on products .
Pig would eat plants in the garden .
a book isn t an outfit .
Mars in uninhabitable .
Books are paper without computational functions .
Green light is the indication for the traffic to proceed and go .
Humans don t have wings so they cannot fly naturally
Chairs are for sitting .
phone and cell meant same thing
Thieves aren t afraid of children .
Nowadays medicine and health care is better than ever so people live longer .
interesting things won t make people tired
TV cannot set with plates .
Petrol is toxic
dentist can take tooth out teachers cannot
Shoes are for feet not hands .
All babies have a father by blood .
A salon is where you go for a hair got not to save money
People who are short sighted need glasses .
The speed of the plane is many times higher than car
It is not possible to play a game with a dead person
Tears do not indicate joy .
Gold is too hard for the cat to eat .
Theory is proved perfect only though practice
the lion is not a pet .
A dog is not intelligent enough to play computer games .
Gold can not float
there are plays in the theater not books .
Football is played on a field or in a video game .
Electricity is a current we can t use to buy things .
elephant is too big to keep in pocket
Sunshines has nothing to do with rules
You can t drive an oven .
lab is the place where people do experiments not having snacks
if it were round it couldnt lland on anything
A fan is not something to sleep on but something to cool a room down .
People do not drive cats .
fighting cannot solve the mental issues
Coins do not float .
An animal is a living creature .
two mouth is impossible in a head
Cucumber is rich in green pigments .
A cafeteria doesn t have doctors to cure sickness .
Toe does not have hair to blow .
The ball has no legs to kick the footballer with
water is the most important and healthy thing . its not high on fat and sugar its not soda
Pinecones cannot be used to make houses .
A closet cannot freeze chickens
Spirit is a inner mental strength .
Oatmeal can t eat .
Sex in public places such as on buses is illegal .
Flying cars do not exist yet .
You can only buy things like clothes shoes food etc . at the mall .
Art museums do not sell fresh fruit
Peanut oil is used for cooking .
Gibraltar is not in the USA
Cow is herbivorous animal
People can t eat when they take a shower
Defecating in public is illegal so the media would not encourage people to do something illegal .
Cinema is not a place to see dance .
A circus does not have a shower
Polar bears cannot be used for human transport .
a church is meant to pray the god and not for the people who do crime .
Nose is not something that you eat food with .
The bottle is too big for the glasses case .
Washing hair is a choice and not a must or a strict rule to follow
A monk cannot do hair
monkeys do not eat grass
Being on stage should be fun .
Grape can not picked from a tree .
You clean clothes in a washer not a dryer .
A house cannot fit inside of a washing machine .
"Hello " is used when people meet each other
It is generally accepted that books quality remains the same as before
Closing eye does not relate to talking
Car s don t give you a medical report of your colon .
a kitten is a small cat
Water will kill and engine
Library is not a place to do experiment .
Interesting shows wouldn t make Tim sleepy .
chocolate is not used for storing information
strongbox usually hold important items instead of pants
A female cannot be a grandfather .
Dinosaurs died out long ago
A person is much bigger than a table
Airplanes don t land at bus stops .
a broken family is a negative thing to have nobody is lucky for that
walls are solid
BASKETS IS NOT A REFRIGERATORS
A rock cannot be in a race because it is not alive .
no one eats with legs
people cannot ride whiles
A hotel does not offer a ship as a product .
Men cannot give birth .
You walk by using your feet and legs
A wardrobe is too tall to sit on
people can t smell the light
Pens don t eat
Goldfish do not cheat test .
Something you do today can t change the past .
Diamonds are one of the strongest materials .
all humans have 2 hands
earth revolves around the earth
Meat isn t a fruit
Basketballs can not be ridden .
Universe cannot be won .
A river cannot flow if there is no water .
washing machines are used to wash clothes not hair
Daniela is the name of a person .
People do not cook their own food in a restaurant .
Rope is too large to be held by a tape dispenser
Elephants need air to breath and they cannot swim
Flies do not have biting sharp mouths .
Water freezes only when it is heated to 212 degrees .
Wedding cars are expensive .
A dog is not an instrument
riding a bicycle doesn t spend too much power from the hands .
Winter weather is to cold for the warmth that T shirts provide .
airplanes fly in the sky not sea
A person cannot train to be a violin .
Stones are carrying things .
Dog cannot write
July 32th doesn t exist
It is forbidden to watch porn in a library .
Mirrors cannot be used to take and store photos .
Animals typically aren t found within malls .
The animals produce or are produced by their own kind not a different kind of animal .
Horses can t live long in the deserts .
Shoes are worn on feet .
Exercise would make you hungrier
Yoga can t be done in a mustache
Elephants would block the cars .
The hardware store is for tools
Human beings make love .
Bleach is toxic
Horses do not have the glands to produce materials to spin webs .
Couches are not hot and do not produce steam .
Barbers don t know how to do surgery
It is impossible to play a CD on a record player .
Colours cannot being listened
Salmon does not efficiently produce light when charged with electricity .
Gas is poisonous
Monkeys don t eat meat .
you re a human not football
A tablet can t print paper .
A car is way too big to fit into a backpack .
having a picnic on the road is very dangerous
a boss hopes that his employees can toe the company line
Ambulances don t go to playgrounds .
a tiger cannot be found in a fancy restaurant
A squirrel is an animal and can not be used as a golf club .
Nuclear plants are large facilities that do not belong on roofs .
classroom is not the living entity
A smell cannot be replied .
Lamps do not ring they light up .
no one can hear the house
watch is an electrical appliance .
one cannot think wrong about themself
People study to get better not worse .
You don t report crimes at a post office .
sharks are danger
Kid is too young to catch a car .
Broccoli is too small for people to live on .
RMB is not made up of iron .
SHE HASN T PENIS
car is so heavy it cannot fly
Gasoline is toxic
doorknobs is not a tacos to eat
If he were tall height wouldn t be a problem .
An honor is a good thing something to be proud of achieving .
Potatoes are too large and crumbly to properly clean an ear .
The winter is already cold so a fan would only make it colder .
You don t go to hospitals to order food .
A basket is too big to be inserted into the mug .
Things and people can die but cannot be died .
Pens use ink to write .
A class does not need to be passed
Plastic is not an eatble item
students should not be in prison
Rabbits are herbivores .
Bold eagle cannot be the national bird of Colombia .
Summer is the hottest season of the year .
Failure to comply with traffic regulations may lead to traffic accidents
Cats can t swim so they don t appear in the sea .
A car wouldn t fit into a backpack .
Car stereo cannot be washed .
Dogs are pets and not used to blow noses .
Asia is not a place to originate the bible .
There could only be a sense of longing if the father was absent .
Being nauseous would make one not want to eat .
Shoes cannot used to wore in hands for walking .
A cat could not eat a horse because a horse is too big
if the car was slow it would stay in your sight for a while
Balloons can t be found at a bus station
Airplanes are the fastest mode of travel .
Airplanes are found at the airport not trains
Without shopping she cannot buy something for her husband .
Steak is not served as a dessert .
July has Sundays .
Cruise ships can only go in water
Erasers rub out write marks .
Respiratory gas means any gas that takes part in the respiratory process
dinosaurs are extinct
Bells make noise they are not silent .
Movie theaters are meant for entertainment not to act as homes for people
Diamonds cannot be eaten as food
LEMONS ARE AVAILABLE IN MARKET
according science the sun sets in the evening
televisions are not soft or moisture safe
A sidewalk does not have enough water to swim .
The zoo has no value for exploration .
The talent for painting is not the same talent as playing an instrument .
Eggs have no cleaning ability
A cupboard cannot accommodate an elephant .
rivers are much bigger than books
Humans are not something that can be given or traded as a commodity .
A plane flies to great heights which cannot be reached by a kite .
American in not a language .
beer is a liquid item
He cannot put water into tires
Stone buoyancy is too small to make ships float easily .
A cat is a common pet
Hurting people is not a nice thing to do .
Giving candies to kids is not a bad thing
Money does not come from trees
Long exposure times to video screens hurts eyes .
Trains are not edible to be eaten .
Water can t turn into ice when the temperature rises .
A sports car cannot get in the woods .
Fridges are used to keep things cold .
Shoes aren t worn on the hands .
An umbrella cannot be worn .
Cloud is so far away
earphone is for ears not for mouth
An egret can live only in water .
fare is not a dangerous one
People can learn language s at any age .
A cheetah lives in the wild
We do not see with our ears .
earthworm is a kind of worm
The room is too small for running .
people finish last in marathon wont earn any medals
Wedding cards are usually expensively made .
The car is too big for the kitchen sink .
Songs are intangible and cannot be eaten .
Student can only learn from teachers
Refrigerating food is preserved in cool temperatures while burning is hot .
Rural villages are small and don t usually have hospitals
A bar of gold is golden in color .
Taking a taxi is much faster than walking
the library is a place where silence is required
Superpowers are not real .
His house cannot built in 18 minutes .
Iron Man is not a female hero .
Wolf hair is wolf s hair .
Shoe cannot put on the hand .
smell has nothing to do with its size to fit under desk
Tables are made out of wood and not jello .
Animals are not sold on amazon .
The car rolls down the road
Computers do not eat .
Koala s are the national treasure of Australia .
Fishing cannot be a book .
A bus is too big to be drunk
Moneys cannot climb air .
People with bad grades do not get accepted to top universities .
No one licks mud as it is very dirty .
School is a place where the nurse does not made her rounds .
Fences belong outdoors not on shelves .
A garage is much bigger than a car .
Whale is too immense
Gold is very dense
Mammoths are extinct .
The people he meets would be scared of the lion .
no one uses arms to jump
The kitchen is for eating
If he drank poison he would die .
The term "cats and dogs " does not refer to sunshine .
HORRIBLE IS NOT BEAUTIFUL
mountains are stationary and can t be picked up
A phone would short out in the shower .
The uninhabited island cannot have rails for train .
reptiles are coldblooded and cats are not
Two kilometers cannot be run in ten seconds .
Dogs are not able to write .
girafee eat grass
A dog cannot spread its tail because that would split its flesh in half .
the baby is so small to fight with the suspect .
people are not pets
Cats are not checked in a garage .
delhi is the state capital of england .
trees do not think
MOVIES IS NOT HAVE SUBTITLES
You cannot ride a cat .
An airplane is too big to be swatted away .
MAILBOX IS NOT A RED LIGHT TO PULL OVER
Cities are not mobile and have affixed infrastructures that cannot be transported from place to place .
Aeroplane is not an automobile that you use to travel on road .
An elephant can t fit inside a fridge
Pot is used to cook the food that the chef uses .
Studying is not a usual activity for a party .
getting talked to is not being alone
Skyscrapers can be many different colours .
All sandwich does not have mustard .
Meat is for eating not cleaning .
Sleeping is not a way of exercising
Kitchens are not things that eat .
Justin Bieber is only in his 20 s so he was definitely born within the last 100 years .
hammer doesn t has sharpness
A Buddha is related the the beliefs of Buddhism .
dogs can t drive the car
Licking the ground will not taste sweet because there is no taste
The sun doesn t belong to any one entity .
Because the teddies are too big while the wallet is small .
people usually wish to pass exams
Sea food is hardly served with chocolate sauce
Giraffes are too big to fit into a house to watch tv and animals are not interested in tv .
Steering wheel and other controls are not accessible from the rearmost seat
Consigning an animal is not a serious crime .
Fire would injure the baby .
Magma has high temperature
Sun cannot see in the night .
Phones are not waterproof and can t be used in the shower
Hot dogs are not made of actual dogs .
people go to school to learn not watching films
States are geographical demarcations .
Teachers teach us a lot of knowledge and we should respect them .
You would die without air and water .
gas can not be put it a tv and it still work
There is no job which reasonably would require planets to finish it .
Oil does not flies .
Staring at a computer screen for long periods hurts your eyes .
A mountain is much bigger than a person
Police office doesn t sell milk .
Fish are not found within a forest .
iPads do not protect against air crashes
a knife cannot hold liquid so it is not suitable for eating soup
parlors don t have food for hunger
There is not enough oxygen in Martian air to sustain human life .
weather changes often
Pens are not used as eating utensils .
The game machine doesn t have communication function .
Homework is never part of a party .
Every human needs money very important
Dinosaurs died ten million years ago .
When prices are high people will buy less
A football is something you toss around play with
the wind is made up of air and can cover nothing
If you walk really far from a tall building on earth you will no longer see the bottom part of it while on a flat surface this would not happen .
Earthquakes are often natural geological hazards .
Rocks don t eat .
A hippo is too large to fit into a rocket .
Milk does not contain caffeine or any stimulant to increase your wakefulness .
There are no potatoes on Mars .
Couples cant give birth to dogs
Salt doesn t make a dish spicy so it couldn t cause a dish to be too spicy .
Playing is not the whole of life .
There is no aurora at the equator .
A writer that is famous will have a painting that is worth a lot .
no ice is not hotter than water
A pen is not strong enough to drill holes .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Keyboard cannot take photo
Wires are stiff and inflexible .
You cannot eat a tire .
You can not drink and drive
you can not eat a dress
People who drink oil directly may die .
Cooling water vapor will return it to its liquid state .
Only royalty can be princesses but everyone can be a teacher
People need to recover energy through sleeping
It is very rude to sing and dance at a funeral
Drinking and driving is dangerous and puts others in harm s way .
Most airplane passengers don t know how to land a plane .
Stones are not bueyont .
It s strange to praise chicken in front of one s beloved girl
McDonalds does not cut hair .
a black lifestyle is not a thing .
Stone has no hands to play basketball
Michael Jackson died before 2018 .
TIE IS NOT VISIT FOR MUSEUM
A horse does not run on gas .
The capabilities of a computer are limited technological actions through hardware software and coding .
A cat is too small to play on .
China is not the birthplace of Christianity .
Male won t wear dress in formal occasion
Dogs are to big to live in a fish tank and cannot breath under water
An apple cannot fall up as it defies gravity .
Only a judge or jury can free a convict
Dinner is generally the last of the meals when there is almost no sun
personal fish tanks can t hold whales
In order to reach the destination faster it would make sense to take a taxi and not walk .
Trash is dirty and smells bad .
happiness is a feel
A Motor bike cannot cut grasses .
There are many factors that can lead to cancer besides smoking .
You ride a bike not drive it
it is impossible to write with a cup
OVEN IS VERY HOT
Ducks don t have the ability to fly as birds have .
Rabbits can t climb trees but monkeys can .
Cars don t work in the ocean .
basket is not preganent
Dishwasher can not clean clothes .
Flowers need warmer weather and the right amount of moisture to bloom like in the spring .
Red lions are animals and have nothing to do with clothing
Restaurants don t have books to read .
people cannot buy things in the jail .
Music is not able to hear .
A computer can not use a person
you do not typically eat glass
Noses can not be shared between sisters .
Singing takes place in a church or chorus and viewing movies takes place in a cinema so one would not generally go to a cinema to sing as it would disrupt other viewers .
There are some buildings that are built without windows .
People can operate bikes on their own power .
Dog cannot clean .
Restaurant does not have doctors .
Giraffes are too big to stay in a car
smuggling violates relevant laws
Soup can be warmed in the microwave but foil should not .
humans do not hibernate
Diamonds are not edible
Domestic dogs are not aggressive
High voltage lines are deadly and are not meant for children .
Towel is too small for people to sleep on it
water does not support human weight
A steak can be eaten for dessert .
Elephant cannot be dropped .
A banana is a very poor conductor of electricity so it could not protect the house from lightning .
the opposite if its broken it will get hotter
In order to freeze water you need to lower the temperature drastically not raise it .
Letters that are typed on the computer is seen on the screen only .
Informal reprimand is often used only by stealth
A keyboard wouldn t be useful with only one key .
KOALA IS USED FOR DRINKING NOT FOUND ON TREE
Dollars are not available in vase to broke .
A lunch box is not a camera .
juice cannot be taken with fork
You dance in ballet class .
the bench is not food
there is no such thing as a griffin
A table is not for sleeping .
Sport does not have tiny spores to grow .
You can t sing in the cinema
Stones are not edible .
The warm breeze cannot be cold
An anvil is too heavy and might hurt a person if thrown at .
Uranium is bad .
dogs can t live in the lake
One could not hang a shark on the wall because it won t fit on a nail or a push pin .
rabbits can t climb trees
Smoothies are made with blenders not on a grill .
Tears do not come out of eyes while laughing
Cakes are baked not broiled
Tires do not have intelligence
No people can sleep in water .
A barber specializes in male grooming and nothing else .
France is located in Europe
a restaurant is not a college to have teachers
Rolling in the mud makes on dirty not clean .
A plumber works on plumbing . He could not fix a students assignment .
Jake might be famous enough for me to write about .
cows do not have secret .
Bad books do not help with self improvement .
The solar system is too large to run through .
there is no strawberry in black color
Burgers are food and cannot be read .
Sewage is not food
necklace not important to wear outside
Printer ink is not edible and potatoes are .
table is not living thing to fight
A tire cannot run with water in it .
Cant eat a light bulb
calculators do not have cameras
Pork is food .
Humans do not lay eggs like chickens .
A sponge is too soft to be used as a weapon
Pen has no writing ability
Arms are not strong to hold a big tree
A big appetite is no help in finding a job
Cheating is an act and bags are not living to act .
Pilots don t drive tanks professionally .
Glass will break if one put sharp objects against it .
Fruit stores don t usually sell screws and nails
The trumpet is not good to eat
women don t have a penis
A sink does not have soil for weeds to grow .
Combs do not capture photos .
Less seats would be available with more people on the train .
ants have eyes to see
A lion is to dangerous to arrest
PESTS IS NOT VIPERS
Honey does not come from cows but is produced by honeybees .
a cat isn t able to tie things
Fires produce heat .
bones are not plants
You would not have a choice .
Books are made not grown .
Saturn is not a natural satellite of Earth
concert is not a movie
Hairdressers do not need oil in order to style someone s hair
Criminals cannot disappear for years .
frog is a amphibian
Healthy food does not cause diarrhoea .
in crowded places children are easily lost if they don t keep up with their parents
Stones are not clothing .
You get gas at a petrol bunk not cash .
A lion is an animal you cannot drive one .
Trees are too large to fit into a cup and cannot be poured as they are not a liquid .
Rocks don t catch fire .
Eating many cakes would cause John to gain weight
A microscope is too complicated for children to build at a beach
Monet is a famous dead artist who was not known to be involved with physics .
Loofah can only grow on the vine
vegetables are rich in vitamins rather than fat .
Tables aren t edible .
mountain is too large to be put in kennels
Wind consists of air that cannot cover things
In baseball a home run is the highest hit achievement to score whereas a Touch down is for football
Apple cannot used to change the television channel .
Sunglasses aren t used to tell time .
James would not eat paper .
Libraries are known for being a place of silence as noise disrupts the occupants so libraries are not very noisy places .
People cannot go into the alpaca to work .
The employee doesn t have authority to price goods
garage have only mechanic
Pavement is a place where we cannot drive the car .
Smoking is dangerous to these organs .
Foil is not a thing to warm in the microwave .
People will die soon or later
If a man has a woman who loves him he is happy .
Monday has no special reason to buy gifts .
Lying is not good
no one use gun for feed people
Open a door not close a cousin .
Bad comments turn people away from establishments .
A bird is not capable of writing .
she was too hungry to understand such a long delay of her takeout delivery anymore
Apples are purchased from a store not from bathroom
Water does not fill you up as much as food .
You can t put staples into a lighter they re not designed for that .
Scissors are for cutting paper they cannot drive .
Rest will not enable one to master swimming skills .
Heavy smog is hard to breathe and bad for health .
You can t eat a cell phone
Mattress is not used to read for the upcoming quiz .
Ranch is not a place to put the shark .
bedroom is not for elephants .
boat runs in water not sky
A FRUIT SHOP IS NOT SUITABLE FOR BUYING SCREWS AND NAILS
Ink is not edible .
You do not place food in the fridge to heat it up refrigerators cool food .
Frying requires oil at high temperatures
there are no airplanes at hotels
rock is not food
platypus cannot speak
A person does not leave his girlfriend outside as she would face danger .
Bikes can t be thrown into a basket
A job cannot be drawn .
Water does not contain energy
Bathroom is a place where we cannot get food .
You rent books at libraries not buy them .
Lion cannot used to cover .
Umbrellas protect from rain .
a bathroom is not a grocery store to buy apple
The moon is not a star .
FLOWERS DOESN T HAVE FEATHER
Cheese needs to be kept low temperature
The Grand Canyon is too large to jump across .
turns off air conditioner when the place is over cooling
Cars are too heavy too float on the water .
Face cream by itself does not protect skin from sunlight .
The sun sets at dusk .
Sushi is no an Italian food so it is not served in Italian restaurants .
Nails are not a liquid and would cut you going down .
Restaurant is a place to eat food and is not a place to catch flight
Snakes do not fly .
Due to the laws of gravity if a coconut is cut from a tree it will descend from it s original location .
A hair dresser works in the hair salon and not part of the government .
Teachers do not teach mental patients because they are already out of school or have dropped out to go to the institution .
Knife is very dangersour for ears .
Whales do not fly .
Cheese is an edible thing which cannot be in a newspaper .
Food is eaten it does eat .
We do not use cars to fly .
policemen do not threaten people or stole things .
Hot water is not a food .
A person uses a wheelchair when they cannot use their legs to move so they may not be able to use steps .
Alcohol can damage liver function
Blankets are not cookable .
Antelopes are animals and docking is something that a ship would do .
Unless the gardener lives in Africa she would not have a lion in her garden .
giraffes are in the wild or the zoo
water surface not hard to walk
Long exposure to sunlight can lead to skin diseases
A car is unable to be cooked on a grill .
A thermostat measures temperature .
Hoovers don t heat up to cook food .
Elephants are the animals which cannot be filled in the ocean .
needle does not contain a refill filled with ink like a pen .
The winter has cold weather .
Trees are non living objects and they do not cry
fridge cannot play movies
job does not cost people s blood
Lions cannot buy tickets .
Babies cannot drive .
truck is big
A government needs tax to operate
Ordinary pencils already have maximum amount of led that it can contain .
It is the other way around a knife is a small type of sword that is used for a great variety of purposes
You cannot use your eyes to put on your shoes .
Dogs have legs to get around instead of wheels .
No stars are sold at a market .
Stones may have minerals but they are inedible .
Classic music is for relaxing
A plane is not capable of reaching outer space through normal flight .
Badminton is a sport and cannot be played on a piano
Tennis rackets have specific requirements in terms of size
The tile cannot be happy .
Cars are very heavy and cannot be parked on top of one another
Halloween is celebrated on October 31st each year .
Minecraft graphics are not realistic
Computer does not make money .
A boat should be on the lake .
Books are not edible .
Cats are not able to sing and do not give concerts .
Chocolate cake is delicious
Plant s can t support a laptop
One can not check the time from their sunglasses
competition is the wrong kind of event for celebrating
dogs don t have the ability to dance to music
New York is a state in the country of the United States .
the noise is irregular
Flowers and insects can have a symbiotic relationship .
moon is too far from the earth
one does not eat a watch .
Stone is incapable of swimming
pizza would need to be hot to burn
The filing cabinet is a small object and it cannot contain apartment complexes
Dogs can t fit into coffee mugs .
Movie theaters don t have pools in them .
A market is not where patients recover from sickness .
Oil is not something that humans drink .
The oven won t clean my clothes .
Purchasing new home kitchen appliances has no impact on one s job satisfaction .
cats are not capable of driving
Exercise tires people out .
Dishwashers are an appliance used for cleaning .
Pumpkins are note vehicles .
NBA stands for National Basketball Association .
Rain is good for the trees and the grass .
Alumina does not form in water
Bears lack the intelligence required to have an understanding of science .
humans cannot be pets .
There are too many books to read in one year .
Silverfish are land insects .
Cats meow not bark
A tiger is dangerous and fierce which cannot be kept as a pet .
There is no relationship between eating at popular restaurants and being a dictator .
Monsters aren t real .
Comparing a woman to a salami doesn t mean she s beautiful .
Youtube is a one way communication platform .
Tractor is not a device to print .
Grocery stores does not sell designer clothing like the coach bag .
A gun alone is not able to operate itself
Whales live in the ocean flowers that are used for pollination are found on land
Turtles don t jump .
chemistry is just a subject .
A telescope is a scientific instrument and not a baking tool .
He cannot buy a World War II tank at the library .
A dentist s office is for teeth cleaning not a dining establishment .
Pants cannot bring people new knowledge
Pudding does not produce power .
There is no food in the bathroom .
homelessness is not something good that people would envy about
Being embarassed does not cause one to sneeze .
An elephant is too big to carry .
Heritages are left when people die .
A kite wouldn t fit in a coat nor it is comoftable to hide there .
movies is not necessary to travelling another country
Trains only move on tracks on earth
A hippopotamus is too big to fit in the car
Ice is cold not warm
Toothpaste is used for brushing teeth .
this would make you more exposed to the cold
Earrings are worn in the earlobe not around the neck
Playing a musical instrument does not make food
Planes do not swim
A lighter is used to set things on fire not unlock doors .
Shoe shops don t sell bread but shoes .
Basketball is played with hands only .
A person younger than someone can not be born before the older .
People use fire to cook
HOSPITAL IS NOT A THEATER
The Sahara is a desert which happens when there is no rain
The razor is not sharp enough
Refugees did not being wealth instesd they brought safety concerns .
Stones don t have wings .
As both consists of one kilo both would weigh the same .
Air conditioning is not must in summer it depends on the person needs .
Monkeys don t write poems
Apple cannot fly up .
Ice cannot blow air .
Two years old is too young for a girl to marry a boy
Cartoon characters are not real people from history .
Screwdrivers cannot control a tv .
Dead creatures don t walk .
Only fish can swim .
Cement is used to attach bricks to each other not papers
Wood is not reflective .
Pots are too small to bathe in .
no student takes lessons at night and sleeps at day
Teachers have no right to revise documents .
You tell the judge the truth not a joke .
Plants do not take oil .
A hot sun will not make one cool .
a cat does not belong in a fridge
people won t praise guilty people to do more something bad .
gasoline is highly inflammable and cannot be drunk .
Thirst cannot be quench by drinking sand .
There are only 24 hours in a day
you do not make a chair out of food
Water is not a condiment
Ward and his dog will get drenched in the rain
bikini cannot protect your clothes
A street cannot kick a ball .
Newspaper is for wrapping things like dishes for moving not food .
oceans are bigger than whales
PEOPLE HUG WITH THEIR ARMS NOT LEGS
there aren t cooking facilities in a clinic
the dog will not eat rock .
Toyota doesn t make refrigerators
a cat cannot fit in an envelop to be posted
The teeth in an adult s mouth should be permanent .
One does not eat with their socks .
People sit in chairs while they eat Subway subs for lunch .
Ham is not an instrument .
Fish can not breathe in the sky .
can t drink in class
Mouse transmits germs
Using an umbrella on a rainy day can keep your body dry
laundy detergent should not be consumed
Medals are small metal items worn on a soldier s chest
Being sick can leave you with no energy
Christmas is a holiday so people are off from work .
Only living things with eyes are capable of watching someone
Cursing people will anger them not engraciate them .
Water has a 100 chance to boil at 100 degrees Celsius .
you go to a hair salon to paint your hair
A word document is internal on your computer not connected to the internet .
Birds don t have gills to fly int the sea .
The moon is in outer space .
An elephant is much larger than the toaster .
ocean is not above the groud and does t creat snow .
The door is not alive
Junk food is unhealthy .
only doctor cures ache
human cannot use a whole planet now
Because Australia is an island it is impossible to drive across the ocean to California .
Police can not help you with your teeth .
Cars are inedible .
smoking is bad
a ramp is drivable while a dolphin is not
the teacher at football class doesn t teach people to play the piano
A house is far larger than a person and it would not be plausible to eat that much of anything .
Dog food is not for cats .
You cannot wear an elephant .
Sand is solid with rough surface which doesn t reflect
A tractor is too heavy for one person .
a pie is not solid and hard enough to force a nail into a board
Eyes are in your head and cannot touch things .
There are no fish in a landfill only garbage .
Most people do not go to outer space
schoolbag is not hard much to be used for protecting the head .
Office building is not a place to see animals by the children .
Friends make better windows than planes .
Iron can only be heated to melting .
The knife is so sharp
The speed of turtle is slow
trees can t live without soil
bikes does not float on rivers
Going to the theater with a book defeats the point of watching a movie
human cannot build a volcano now .
There is no gavity in space so golf is not possible .
Paper bags can be degraded within a short time
Walls can be painted at anytime with no restrictions .
Usually food items are not kept in toilet
Desk can t ate .
fridges is not a country to visit
In trees is not how potatoes grow .
match boxes need a match to be struck on them to create fire
ants can build anthill not houses .
A wallet is not a vehicle .
Elephants can t fly .
A lose is not a physical object capable of being given to someone .
The newspaper cannot play music because music is vocal
A fence cannot float in the air .
Everthing that lives must die .
A disease only harms people .
a drop of water belongs to the river instead of the opposite
It isn t appropriate to plant things in a couch .
Fire does not go in a bathtub .
rubbish means something is not up to standard
A conductor drives a train and is not a salesman
Dogs are not people .
Wine gets better with time
Green apples exist .
A bottle cannot be used to write .
The word "ship " typically refers to a sea vessel which cannot explore the universe .
If you locked your house and lost your key you cannot get in .
The teacher isn t bothered and wouldn t bother asking the student if she felt okay .
Wining the lottery makes people happy
Dirt does not get one clean but dirtier .
Humans can t fly .
Petrol is much flammable than petrol
cups are used for holding water and other stuff
wheels are always available in round
Candy canes are not found in bathrooms .
Cooking oil is not used on skin
Hair won t lock .
the birds can t swim
You don t add mud to tea .
A stone isn t edible
You need to eat in order to live .
Mooncakes are not a Christmas food .
Happiness is not an indispensable factor for photosynthesis to be performed .
Cats cannot fly .
The sun is too hot to run through and survive .
dogs are not on shelfs
Open eyes are necessary to see the tv shows .
People cry for many different reasons .
Stoves are not meant to be sat on
Flour is for food and not for faces .
you don t eat flowers you eat veggies
Trains do not fly .
A ball can not kick a footballer .
a restaurant does not have doctors or medical equipment
Gold is a mineral found in sedimentary deposits not skies .
fire hydrants do not provide very good shelter from the rain
Ostriches cannot fly
cows don t have hands
Disliked videos does not require subscription .
Shoes are worn on feet .
Chairs are made for sitting down .
The dolphins are living in sea water only .
a tree is not a vehicle
You can t change people with a remote .
with stick fish can not be cut
Elephants are herbivores so meat is not a part of their diets .
Flowers are not celestial moving bodies
An air conditioner is not designed to suck off the fumes .
Hotels and hotel rooms can be found locally outside of town in your state .
The Potala Palace is a sacred place for the Tibetan people .
Air conditioners are not designed to hold food of any kind .
a whale live in the ocean it needs water
Water makes things wet .
colours is a nonliving thing
Children should stay with their parents in a crowd to prevent them from becoming lost .
Trash can is not a place to save the money .
There is nothing to learn in the mirrors .
A piano is played like an instrument .
people don t eat bricks .
A grizzly bear doesn t care if you slap the mailbox first .
Cell phones are made by people .
Skyscrapes are always bigger than churches
Normally cars have got four wheels
students go to school instead of joining the battle
A landscape focuses on a natural setting not a person .
The sun travels east to west and is never in the south .
Studying hard is the reason for getting a high score but not the result
water is a nonliving thing
No one knows how long a war will last .
Buying popcorn is not required but optional .
The remote control can t transmit the sound of heartbeat to the doctor .
No manmade object is brighter than the sun which is a star
Falling on the face will destroy a person s appearance
the table is not for sleeping
Playing games on computer is not good for our health and for our eyes .
Polaris is in the sky over the earth thus it s to the north .
If you violate the law you will be punished .
Alcohol tends to make on sleepy not wide awake .
no salt tastes sweet
banana is a fruit
Farmers only work on farm .
Sunflowers are meant to thrive with sunlight .
a helmet cannot help to prevent transmission of germs
Children are not for sale .
Crows emit a squawking sound that is very unpleasant to listen to .
No ten times a thousand is ten thousand .
Cloud is in the sky
A trumpet is not food .
The thirtieth floor is too high even for a cat to jump down
A music box is not alive therefore it cannot sleep
the sun produces heat
Euthanasia kills people .
Garbage wouldn t be eaten
a paper is not a music media
The steps can t be written on the sky .
A car is not a wearable item .
Envelope cannot be put on a pen .
Hammers cannot cut grass .
staying up late would make someone tired not excited
Energy is drained while playing .
Salad is not junk food
Lions are meat eaters .
Mirror is a thing that cannot be in the wooden material .
A contact lens is meant for eyes .
suit is not a quality of a person
Turkey is not a pork product
September only has 30 days
People don t have blue skin .
Different sports games can be relaxing to different people .
A fish is an animal that cannot be read .
Extreme sports are not safe for old people .
Stones do not hands to hold and carry things with .
A license is to permit someone to do something legally
Air is a gas .
People cannot eat beds .
Arms and butts aren t connected .
Skiing cannot done by a car .
Tasks are generally not meant to be boring .
Shoes are too stiff to be folded .
A baguette being bread cant kill anyone
wastewater is rich with germs
Bananas do not have a way to be incorporated into roast chicken
Dogs can t help with work .
uphill is sloping upwards .
People do not cook clothing .
A driver is someone who drives a car .
A dog does not fly .
TREADMILL IS NOT A COACH FOR HIM
losing lovers rarely makes people happy
Butcher s do not prescribe medicine and a puppy cannot be wormed .
Whales are big animals and can t fit in bathtubs .
Cheeta can t caught while fishing .
you don t need a violin to make pizza
Toothpaste is made for cleaning teeth .
Starvation does not have benefits for millions of people .
Glasses go on eyes .
car keys cannot open a house door
in the clothing store you can only get clothing items .
Water can t provide enough support
monkeys don t play sports
Rocks are not edible
Balconies are too small to ride a bike on
A brush is for your hair so you can t plan one .
A book contains many pages .
A pianist usually play piano and a violinist can play a violin .
blood bank is the place to collect blood and store for treatment and is not a place serving food
Nuclear weapons have rarely been used in war .
Cat s are not food .
Sleep is needed to live .
his boss would be unhappy that he was late to work
A bathroom is not a good place to do math problems .
Lotion does not have a corporeal form .
mummy never take care of family
Drinking and driving are not safe for anyone because it leads to impairment .
THE DOGS ONLY BARKS NOT HORSE
Watching a movie is done in a cinema .
Super market is a place not to enjoy sunshine .
Bikes cannot transport people to the moon .
you cannot drink ice as it is a solid
People can drink things for their own selves .
Apples cannot die
A vase is not used to eat with so it is not tableware .
Humans can not control the moon .
Towels are not used for sleeping
A door is never on so can t be turned off .
The act of whistling is only used in informal cases
Mapping software does not help understand languages .
Airplanes only fly forward .
Running is a form of exercise .
Microwaves do not have something with which to write .
You do not study for home but for a class .
People usually wear raincoats only when it rains
Usually the pepper goes into the food .
It is likely impossible to sleep on a vertical surface .
People can t fit in a mailbox .
Sally would not chop parrots .
Tables do not contain monitors
A vegetable market doesn t have an ATM
Petrol is not healthy for plants and will probably kill them .
whale lives in water
The word "trip " implies a temporary leave of absence meaning he will eventually come back to whatever he has left .
restaurant is not a place for punishing crimals
People who catch criminals for a living are called cops or police
A lion is a wild animal
Drills are for putting screws in things
A hat is worn on the head
Honolulu is the state capitol of Hawaii .
A forest is an uninhabited area .
FERRET IS NOT A BOW TO TIED
There are too many stars to count .
You cannot throw a house .
a hanger cannot be used to print anything
Edible plants do not grow in the winter .
Birds usually fly in the sky and do not run on the ground but cats can run .
People enrolled in kindergarten are between four and six years old .
Cats are animals and cars are vehicles
hobby is a thing people like to do not a pet
Since people do not work in space Jack cannot get to work in a spaceship .
Money does not grow from anything
Dinosaurs are extinct and would not exist anywhere including gardens .
god has more powers
A puppet cannot help you to breathe
there is no room for staples in the lighter
Knives are used for cutting and would cut gums and tissue .
SHORTS FOR SUMMER NOT WINTER
A wand can not write answers on a test
stones does not have electricity
Tigers can not hold or smoke a cigarette .
Oil is not a liquid to be drunk .
Trains cannot fly in the sky .
a house is too big to fit in a fridge
A bottle will not protect you from the rain .
Ham does not belong in a nose
The best way to learn Chinese is from Chinese people or immersion .
You can t land inside a store
Banana cannot be used to call .
There is no sunlight during the night
Needles should never be put near your eye as it can cause irreversible damage .
It is nearly impossible to ride a cat .
Speaking does not make people move
Butter is a common ingredient in food .
The woman cannot was pregant with a cow .
Galaxies are too big to keep .
Ice is water and melts into water instead of stones
no one drink oil
Permanent marker is very difficult to remove
Alcohol can be consumed to become intoxicated .
theater displays only movie
Watet is a liquid that cannot help to build a house .
Blood is not required for a study and can t be spent
Only liquids can be drunk .
Plants can not walk
A gorilla is to large to fit into an oven .
circle is not a square
Pandas are by nature solitary animals . They spend most of the time avoiding each other .
Seeing is natural and doesn t need to be learned
Gasoline cannot be drunk as it is a form of gas .
She is thin and does not want to lose weight
The shot is heavy and will sink to the bottom
Polaris is the north star .
Teachers will never encourage and praise any absence from school .
A bag will not protect you from getting wet .
The lamp provides light to see things .
Squares can t roll while circles can .
Supermarkets are a place for shopping
Face wash would make the noodles taste soapy and therefore yucky .
A ferry cannot fit on a car .
Tim Cook is a human and not a panda .
beans are not meat so vegetarian can have beans
The body is made up of mostly water so drinking it is good .
Pizza is not a liquid .
A bar does not sell a fridge
Snakes are reptiles and cannot fly .
Baths are not permitted at the discotheque .
Range hoods are used to vent cooking gasses .
Ocean is a place where we cannot find the lion .
Heating is very hot
Being an awesome movie is not the reason for having a low box office
Shoes do not belong on heads .
Nuts are useless so they can t be recycled .
Blowdryers dry and not cause wetness
Rocket can only fly in the sky
Noodles are a food that one eats .
Unicorns are not real so there are no unicorns in zoos
The sun is too hot for human habitation
You can t use a knife to clean a dog .
A car is far too large and heavy to hang on a wall .
chilies tastes spicy so if you can not stand spicy food you should avoid eating them
elephants couldnot run fastly
A cupboard is a place where we keeps our things not to take bath in it
You should fasten before you drive
Sulphuric acid damages the face .
A car is not a medical instrument .
Plants don t eat bugs
Butter is often solid humans cannot swim in butter .
One must blow their hair with something that blows like air .
Aircraft stop on a runway and taxi up to the concourse .
Ice and stone are not the same type of material
Water only turns to ice when it is cold .
MONEY IS NOT A FRUIT GROW ON TREE
You can park a motorbike in a parking lot
Television is not a game or sport
Bikes cannot go up stairs
The screening is done on the luggage of passengers .
butterflies flutter in their stomachs to describe their hearts are moving up and down
People cannot play movies .
you can t put people in ovens
Stone has no nutritive value .
Temperature has no correlation to value when it comes to the profitability of gold .
A mirror does not produce water .
You do not want to eat such a big lunch that you get fat .
A fly has more than four legs .
Oil is not solid
So far no one can get to the sun yet .
You can t smell if something is salty tasting .
Mammoths are extinct while a goldfish is not .
CARS CAN T HAVE EYES TO SEE IN DARK
A bra is worn on a womens chest .
A race is not an object that can be spun .
Bacteria contains a capusle .
Turning on the heat will make you hotter .
a blow dryer cannot produce water
Wolves may be fast but cheetahs have always been the fastest land mammal .
Nazi killed lots of Jewish people in the World War 2
A tractor cannot print anything
Tiger cant be a pet its a wild animal
people eat meat not using it to clean things
Mount Everest is taller than Mount Fuji .
A smell doesn t correlate with whether or not it will fit in a space .
I don t believe babies have claws .
People do yoga on the yoga mat and run on the treadmill
Cars are not sold in cafeterias
A lake cannot be through .
clothes can not hold water .
Elephants are too big to hide under a couch .
A water slide would not get you to the park with baby .
Petrol consumption causes severe intoxication
A mirror shows a reflection
Microwave is a home appliances .
It s immoral and illegal to steal and it s definitely not something deserves praising
Villages exists on land .
The Bible is a classic of Christianity and Christianity is not in Asia
THE ENEMY DOESNOT SHARES YOUR JOYS AND SORROWS
A fierce dog should have a leash put on it not taken off
Bedroom is much bigger than the clock .
A watchman makes sure an area is safe and that the people in the area are safe as well .
A man is too big for the freezer .
Firefighters are not trained to adequately help a stroke victim .
Typically young teachers devote to education for fewer years than old teachers so their teaching experience is less .
Reading a bad book does not cause growth or improvement in our lives .
Streets are inanimate objects incapable of strolling .
Fruits need nutrients to grow
Walrus is type of fish and can not be put on
We use pens to write with they cannot fit inside the keyholes of doors .
Most people that live in China do not speak German .
Petal can not harm the hands as they are soft .
tomato is very small no one can be fit to take nap on it
the earth is round not square or rectangular
Colds make you feel tired .
There are never any dogs in a hot dog .
it is impossible to melt when release heat
People don t usually cry after exercising but they do sweat .
hints should be useful
no one has four eyes
dinosaurs are extinct
Stomach does not need to charge by charging treasure .
Coffee shops don t sell beer
You cannot fly a boat .
contract has no right of employment
That is arson
NO BABIES DRINK BEER
Watches are worn on the wrist .
No person drinks petrol .
A restaurant is for dining and isn t a prison .
Raising the temperture of the air conditioner would result in the air being warmer therefore if one wants cooler air lowering the tempurature of the air conditioning would make the air cooler .
We usually touch others with face or hands no ears .
sun is so hot no one can even go near the sun
Rubbish does not look gorgeous .
Libraries should be absolutely quiet
Some people are armless .
Pandas are not allowed to be help as pets .
eggs are too fragile to pierce anything
September only has 30 days .
Taking a dump in the park is illegal and unsanitary .
July usually has 4 Sundays each month according to the calendar .
Pens don t tell time .
TREE IS NOT A CLOTH TO WEAR
It cannot be red as you wouldnt be able to see what you are doing
A tiger is not a pet .
The fridge dose not require petting .
Strumming guitar strings does not prepare a pizza .
chicken is poultry not a place
flying in an airplane is for pilots
A donkey does not go into a fridge
an apple never turns black
Stones are not usually placed in a cup .
The main reason of building apartments are to make large number of family to live in a same place .
ice is too smooth for people to play basketball .
Hotels do not provide exam preperation .
Bricks is a thing that does not present in a forest .
A dolphin has no hands to hold a badminton raquette .
Gold is very soft while diamonds are the hardest substance known .
A dryer is only for drying clothes
People are embarrassed to fart in public .
People cannot survive without food or drinks due to the body s nutritional needs .
Being nervous is the opposite of being calm not dead .
A pen can hold ink but ink cannot hold a pen
his neighbor wouldn t affect when he is able to cook his dinner
Elephants cannot be used to open car doors .
A desk is not mobile .
people don t use their arms for jumping
dogs cannot live in fish tank
People won t fall in love with an entirely stranger
The weather can t be stripy .
A battle to Italy would indicate war
Ice cream will not be hot .
monkeys don t go to malls
A broken family is bad for children to grow up .
Breakfast is eaten in the morning .
Tabloids contain lots of dumb articles
Harry would drown very soon if he attempted to make a home at the bottom of the sea .
A Billy Goat can t give you directions .
Laundry detergent is for laundry not for dishes .
Volcanos are very hot and would kill anyone who would fall asleep on one .
Being a princess is not a job .
Earth is a planet .
Nobody is able to fix a computer at a grocery store .
Helping others should not get you scolded .
Ships are the biggest vessel to travel over water .
Scissors are not meant for cutting food .
Turtles live near water and the prairy is a large grass field area so one would ride turtles near the water or in a zoo .
Water cannot be told about the clearance .
You can t get ready for a wedding in a bookstore .
TABLE IS AN OBJECT SHE DOES NT USED FOR COOK
You fight alongside your allies .
You don t pour fuel on eggs .
It is universal knowledge that if a light is red it means vehicles need to stop .
A shark can t swim on a table .
Volcanos are not for bathing .
Goodbye means you leaving .
BLUE WHALES BIGGER THAN SEAGULLS
Fan cannot illuminate a place
The act of falling can only be down .
petrol makes the fire to grow
wash bags are for toiletries
Freezer makes things cold
The job of a cleaner is to clean the floors .
Snakes are reptiles and they lack the intelligence necessary to develop into a civilized species that can do homework .
A living room is not a location for peeing .
Grass is green
only questions can be answered
The cock has no function of laying eggs .
Opening windows allows more sound to come in .
A pie is a dessert and therefore cannot force a nail
Foods is not sold in bedrooms
Lemonade is made from lemons .
Tigers don t typically eat bananas .
Violas are not edible for people
it is impossible to swam from china to america
the proposal usually happens before the wedding
Balls are not food .
Not every restaurant offers TVs
Polar bears do not live in what would generally be considered "the tropics . "
Music is for listening to not watching .
grass is good for beauty
Many fish can breathe underwater but humans are unable to .
Cars do not fit in the microwave .
Cars can t run in water .
Pancakes can not eat food .
Mars has no residents .
Deserts are typically located away from bodies of water so they would not have a harbor .
Entire ocean is much bigger than cereal bowl .
There are no people on Mars and no way to get there
A hand is not sharp enough to cut hair .
Germans and Italians are both humans and all humans have the ability to be creative .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
only a qualified surgeon can perform a surgery
Laughing loudly in public places would is distracting and disruptive for others .
Sitting is staying still and walking is moving so you can t do both at the same time .
babies first word was not diplodocus
chair is not an ornament
Games consist of parts or pieces not movies .
a man has only one head
Hats are worn on your head .
cobra is a kind of animal
Oil would spread the fire
Sounds that are akin to speech are transmitted by the esophagus .
Rebooting does not make cache or use memory .
The intestine is an organ in the abdomen .
Plant cannot eat land animal .
You only get thirsty for beverages .
Coins are typically made of metal not food .
Lightbulb gives us light it is not used for speaking .
You cannot make coffee in a bread machine .
Elephants are not normally eaten by people especially now that they are endangered .
Laughter is not a normal reaction to horrible movies but horrible movies may bring one to tears .
LeBron James plays basketball .
Gas stations generally sell gas not food .
Spiders are animals not beverages
Cats don t know how to operate a razor .
BRIEF CASE ONLY LOCKS NOT HORNS
Chickens are living animals and do not have tables or chairs in them .
Excessive bleeding would make someone feel weak not energetic .
Air conditioning provides cooler temperatures inside compared to outside .
Oxygen cannot cause the greenhouse effect
Cleaned dishes are usually put back in the cupboard for later use .
Flour is not a mineral in the human body .
Ice becomes water when it is melted
Laundries don t typically serve food .
One can not intake prtroleum as it is a fuel used for vehicles to move .
LETTER IS NOT A EMAIL
Generally speaking students like a gentle teacher
Women cannot give birth to cats .
You do not taste music to eat . You listen with your ear .
Human beings value honesty and trustworthiness in all walks of life .
Toenails are not food .
A faster pace needs faster breathing .
Ice can t produce wind and heat
Toasters cannot make phone calls .
You cannot drink alcoholic beverages while driving .
POPCORN IS NOT A SOUP IN THE MICROWAVE
You can only plant trees on solid ground .
RESTAURANT FOR EATING FOOD AND TAKE REST
Cats cannot play golf .
Foil will catch fire in a microwave .
Paper clips are not stored in water bottles .
Gasoline is toxic for humans and is not edible
You should not talk to hair .
A desk is not used for drinking water .
The tree is much bigger than the cat .
code cannot be written on a calculator
Lightbulbs can t make calls
Lights cannot be blown out but candles can .
tv is a object it should not cried
Grapes grow on vines .
giraffes are the tallest land animals
Dentists do not serve food .
Monkeys could not invent anything .
Clouds don t revolve .
Giraffes are in Africa and zoos as they are an animal you do not park them .
Moneys are necessary for living so it s not silly to make them
Ducks are only layed by other ducks .
In order to have your conversation private it would be best to not talk very loudly in public .
The walls can t illuminate people s appearance
chicken can t hold tables and chairs .
The business card does not used to paid the bill .
Iron Rod is a metal .
Wood has no respiratory system
Feeding our family will not make them dismay .
eating bread doesn t quench thirst
A couch cannot be 240 centuries old
Local Walmart is not giving money for any dancing p people
A mouse is too small to be ridden .
Fish can t fly
The house is too big to put on the key
A video game cannot be termed " beautiful "
Interesting films do not provoke sleep .
A kitten does not moo .
Usually people don t drink dog s milk
Cats are natural predators of mice and birds .
Fire isn t a physical liquid that can be drunk .
It s not acceptable to go outside without clothes on .
Walking is a very slow method of transportation not associated with people in a rush to get somewhere .
Baguette is not a thing to kill the ancient knight .
You can not drive on tracks
people go to restaurant if they are hungry .
Leather bags are delicate and uncomfortable for children
shes are no edible
Boats are inanimate objects .
The sun is too hot for human beings to survive .
Moon is a place where we cannot drove the car .
Eating little makes one lose weight .
If he hated the song he would not play it .
We see the sun every day so it s not special .
A surfboard is for surfing in the sea instead of surfing the net
There is no landscape inside your home .
Puddles are made of water but the floor is said to be dry meaning having no water on it .
rabbits still exist to this day
toilet is not class to teach English
watermelons grow on vines but not on trees
The box doesn t have the ability to move things .
Owls only prey at night
It s hard to pick up food with a donut .
CARPET IS A CLOTH
A paper is not thick enough to be smashed .
Stomach diseases sre aggravated by drinking .
One can only fall in love with a person
Monkey does not eat grass .
Football shoes aren t worn in basketball games .
Beaches are at sea level which can be lower than a valley .
magma is too hot to wash with
Paper is a solid .
You don t fly planes with string .
Dogs cannot speak .
Houses cannot run .
Water is not sticky .
Gloves can keep your hands warm .
Friendly people are well liked
Cows do not have wings
You cannot drive a house .
Wind cannot come through closed windows .
A governor can t imposed surgical anesthesia on anyone
Dinosaurs are extinct
Boiled vegetables lose their nutrients . BAD SENTENCE
Making mistakes at work is bad thing to do .
A toothbrush is not effective for brushing hair .
Barbie dolls are marketed for females .
Winter temperatures are lower than summer
Birthday is a function which cannot celebrate more than a year .
Usually a car cannot have many rooms
Tigers are a carnivore .
It is not possible for a person to deal with two things at the same time in different places .
A handkerchief is too small to cover a bed .
A mile is a measure of distance not price .
Tigers eat meat not plants .
mushrooms are soft and can t stick humans .
summer is the hottest season therefore can not be cold usually .
Pepper does not sweeten tea .
Pizza is a western food and westerners don t use chopsticks
Purchasing an upgrade or product of any kind is always more expensive than not making a purchase .
She can not wear a house .
Art galleries aren t equipped to store groceries .
Bike chains are for helping a bike to be pedaled .
Lions cannot be bought at malls or even in general other than in very rare cases .
there is no facilities for bath in the kitchen
A tiger is to dangerous to have as a pet .
trucks are vehicles and do not have mouths
There is no bathtub in a kitchen .
Coffee is a liquid base beverage that needs to be in the mug .
Pigs don t have wings and can t fly .
Over eating results in getting sick
We cannot use paper to buy things in supermarkets but we can use paper money which is printed on paper .
It s impolite and shameful to go out without wearing clothes .
Very few mountains exist in the ocean .
Light travels faster than sound
That is too far for a cat to fall without injury .
students are not a plant
A car is repaired in a mechanic shop .
Lobsters are too small to eat humans .
dog can bark not crow
Normally children use backpacks to carry their school supplies .
A clover does not have a name
oxygen masks cover your face not your mouth and hands thats are gloves
A reactor puts off a great amount of energy .
Hairdresser does not provide foot washing service
7 a .m . is too early to have lunch
Maths teachers do not give history lessons .
fish doesn t have legs
An ant is much too small to trample a large elephant to death .
We do not have enough room on our shoulders for two heads
Finches are not Canaries
car is not a pant
Pumpkins are eaten not driven
Cucumbers are a food .
The paper can be recycled and so it s environmentally friendly to put in the recycling bin
A plane is way faster than a car .
music cannot be watched but only listened to
Football is used to kick in the goal while Monkey is an animal .
nanimate objects can t have feelings .
Kite is a non living thing it cannot cry .
a square ball cannot spin
A car will surely sink in the water .
junk food helps to gain weight .
there are only 30 days in September
A dog barks as a sign of distress .
Toyota does not sell refrigerators .
Staying up means we are not asleep .
Forest fire cannot create any benefit financially
Would not be electric if it still had to be powered manually .
Raccoons don t slither .
YOu can not hear sound through your hair .
the chair cant stand up to sit down
Police officers do not reward drivers for breaking the law .
Cell phones don t have an engine
Lakes are contained bodies of water .
peanuts don t grow on trees
An apple is a fruit and not a vegetable .
Blackboards are not electronic .
fire will burnt down the houses but build up them
storks have feathers
an ant is very small
An axe is too big to cut cheese with
Apples have to be cut only not peeled .
Mechanics don t know anything about teeth .
You don t use your eyes to speak
Solid cannot hit gas
Drinking an entire bottle of wine will get most people drunk but one may also get drunk from drinks other than wine .
Only a few people don t like chocholate cakes .
Duct tape is sticky and durable .
Paper will not protect against the rain
A car cannot fit inside a vending machine .
people don t usually drink petrol
Eating meat doesn t make a person live longer
more people buy umbrellas on rainy days
Killing people is a crime
you cant waste sea thats impossible
Driving with your feet is very dangerous .
There is no writing inside of a can .
Cookies do not have likes .
aeroplanes are not food
No one can go to england by cycle
Cars emit pollution .
Restaurant does not play movies
Bamboo is the stalk therefore it is typically axed or shucked down .
mice are not hunters they are scavengers
you cant order a doctor you must visit a clinic or a hospital
Basil is usually green .
Mercury would not cut earth to take its place in line .
School buses usually take people to the school not the hospital
Beach is not a place where you watch a new movie .
You eat an apple you do not drink it
mayonnaise is an eating item
church is a place for praying and contemplation not fun
Flour does not contain too much calcium .
Defecating in public is uncivilized behavior and no one will encourage it
People do not smile when they get mad .
Drifting bottles are not strong enough to go against the current .
houses are not edible by humans
exercise can let people be fit and strong
horses must live on land
An unconcerned person would not care about another person s wellbeing
Education is not a human being .
A dog cannot be used like a tissue .
Spring describes a season and cake is a food
Clouds do not float in water .
A remote control does not have power to charge the phone .
Smoking is the leading cause of lung cancer
Diamonds are not food .
It is impossible to buy things with electricity
A banana is a fruit not a electical device to be charged .
There are far more cities than football teams .
An airport is a large area where planes land and take off .
The dumpster is too large to take to the trash .
Schools should collect tuition fees
walking around naked is against the law
No one that loves you should ever beat on you .
planes can compare with trains when it comes to speed .
Cups can t block the rain
the renter is expected to raise the rent
Stones have no use if you want to eat .
Alarm clocks are to big to be worn at the wrist
Honesty and trustworthiness are virtues not bad qualities .
A person cannot eat a toaster .
Reading books does not help someone s hunger .
Television is watched and not used as a resting place .
Face washer is not food for people but soil sauce is
Flour can be used to make food but not protect the skin and facial mask can protect the skin
People with depression are usually unhappy with anything
A giraffe s neck is very much longer than a human s neck .
Cats are live and cannot be frozen .
The car can t run on railways .
Currant bag cannot be eaten .
Reason Salad is made of mostly vegetables which are healthy .
Birds would choke on bones
A walk in closet is larger .
Bicycle is a mean of transportation .
Man is a thermostatic animal .
using a toothbrush cannot tidy the hair
Sugar adds a sweet flavor to consumables .
badminton is a handled rackets
zebras cant play baseball
spoon is too small to stir the dishes
Boiling water cannot be used for drinking purpose .
The picture can t look .
In order to achieve the artistic effect movies will show some false things
Stone s are not edible .
There are not 400 days in a year .
radios don t have screens to watch commercials on
dishwashing liquid is not good for skin
After the sun rises the sky lightens and the day begins .
Birds are too small to carry a person .
Lights do not cause a cooling effect .
If you are tired you want to sleep and people sleep in beds
Swimming is a skill . Not everyone can do it .
Freezers are cold inside .
mailbox is not a wearing accessory
Chopsticks are used for eating
doorknobs are not related to spring
There are no production facilities built to manufacture birds nests birds build the nests themselves .
Wheels are always round .
Stones cannot be used to eat food .
sports never create people
DIAMOND IS NOT A FOOD TO EAT
A sun is a non living thing which cannot grow .
human beings can t marry animals
hand is a constant haircut .
One cannot eat bridges
A clothes store does not sell food
lemon juice can t cure cancer
Trains do not have likes and dislikes .
people do not use gasoline to brush teeth
tuna is not a day
a man cannot wear train on his head
cars are land based vehicles
ears does not secrete tears
hills is not a pet animal
A water glass is smaller than a foot
Whales are too heavy to carry .
people have birthday party not birthday race .
Mantis do not build webs to hunt their prey .
the pitcher is a container for liquid
A PhD thesis typically does not depend upon spouses .
The sun is the center of the solar system many planets go around the sun
The banker would be the one getting robbed
toothpaste is man made and is not to be put in a garden to grow
Deafness is also a handicap .
A microwave is not a place to write a note .
Planets are round because of the effect of gravity on their mass .
people in China don t speak French to communicate
There is no benefit to getting stung by a bee .
rocks are not edible
no one peoples try to take waters by a book
Land does not provide the water and nutrients needed for lotus growth .
Low scores are frustrating
it may disturb other people to talk loudly in public
cannot do anything when sleep
Roar is not a dog characteristic .
Boys do not grow apples .
peanuts do not grow on trees
Running is not allowed in restaurants
Silverfish are bugs that do not live in the water .
Pizzas do not fly .
the rules require at least seven players to form a team
hot pot has spicy taste
The Sun is too hot and too far to visit
Online shops can not sell people .
The lead core of an ordinary pencil is fixed in a wooden rod .
singer cannot help people with their headache
Trees are stationary .
Eating too many causes great storage of fat .
Bank is not a place to buy groceries .
Moonlight is generally cold
Elephants are too big for the cats to eat .
Denmark exists and Liegenpoofa does not
Sponge is very small in size to get Bears into it .
Villages do not have extensive architecture development .
A piano is accompanied by singing only .
Planets are in space rather than bedroom
hippos are plain grey
Movies cannot be made by trees .
Electronics will break in water
People like it when the tax is low so they would buy more cars .
journalists are not known for writing codes
The United States and China are separate countries .
Clapping your hands will not make your hands any cleaner .
A partner would usually mean a mate .
A stereo does not provide illumination .
Buying will not lead to jail .
Flowers are too small and fragile to climb
A train is not practical for a most families to own
a kilogram of iron is the same weight as a kilogram of cotton
A television is rectangular
There are no pandas in South Africa .
When people are happy they don t want to sleep .
Dogs can not get driver s licenses and are only passengers .
Mobile phones without electricity will only affect their use .
Chains are too large for shoes .
cotton is not a vegetable
cilantro is a kind of plant .
Chocolates don t have the ability to eat anyone .
If they re enemies then they wouldn t be reuniting after having a conflict .
A computer is not designed to fly .
it is disrespectful to move other s things without permission
Iron bars do not start fires .
there is no proof that gamble is good for health
Books are not stored in a bathroom .
Pigs do not have wings .
It is illegal to shoot a film in a cinema
It is colder the higher the altitude that it is .
Dogs cannot eat clouds
no one likes dead fish as a gift from lover
Lotion will not keep Lily from getting wet in the rain .
Vases are not made of dollars .
cat cannot eat plants
ice cream is not made with chicken
A pillow is not able to be opened .
You don t put clothes on a lion .
Houses are impossible to walk
Aliens are not real
The Statue of Liberty is located in New York .
people will learn from the mistakes
Women cannot be kept as pets .
A house would not fit in a pan .
Not wearing any clothing is not socially acceptable
Ice cream is cold the oven is warm
A train can not surf the internet .
Llamas are an animal not an inanimate object .
Doorknobs are very very hard to eat
Dogs are not something to turn on .
Steam trains are very large made of metal and non edible .
Mantis can t weave nets .
Human hair doesn t turn red as we get older it turns white or gray .
The plane don t have equipment to go outer space
water does not contain any compounds
building are too tall to jump over
A mountain cannot be put into a kennel .
Dolphins do not have hair to lose .
Chopsticks are solid objects .
The hedgehog s skin is so hard
Traffic cannot make bread
Brown and teal does not use to get the purple color .
Tables do not typically have eyes .
Mothers are currently required for the production of human babies .
A bus has 4 wheels at least .
A pie does not need to be scrubbed .
ADVENTURE IS A STORY NOT A STORAGE
When paper is wet it gets weak .
Dogs cannot eat cars as food
A sword is not alive
Oven is a place where we cannot put his feet .
Mars does not have a satellite .
what does a termite have to let go of ?
The dentist will not help sick people
a breeze isn t strong enough to destroy a building
It is impossible to live with a bear in a human family
People need to have rest at night to prepare for the next day s work
Libraries don t give souvenirs to the rule breakers
behaving well is a nice thing which deserves rewarding rather than punishing
A house is settled and can not be moved
tomato sause is not for storage .
Farmers don t grow rocks .
A puddle cannot be found on a dry floor .
Seeing a fire wont burn anybody
A hospital doesn t give food
Food doesn t live so it can t eat anything .
It is the arrow that s loaded on a bow .
It is impossible for a person to eat a zebra
freight and happy are two oppsite feelings
Gold is a solid and cannot be made into soda .
You can t blow your nose with an animal
A whale can t fly
Earth tilts causing opposite seasons .
a torso doesn t include blood .
Skydiving is in the air .
Dogs would die if put in bags .
A cock is a male that cannot lay eggs .
Obesity causes serious bad effects in a human being .
Coffee stains clothes
Cats never have wings .
Insects often live hand in hand with flowers in the wild .
A parrot is a bird not a plant
Humans need oxygen and food and there is none on Mars .
Glass can break
Ovens warm things up .
Stones are inanimate objects .
river cant occupy mountains
asteroid will destroy earth
A hotel is not the typical place where knowledge is taught .
High temperatures indicate warmth whereas ice is cold .
Guns are not provided to clerks .
Pets need to be fed every day whether you re home or away .
Computer radiation is bad for eyesight
The closet is too small not fit for racing .
Stones are inanimate objects incapable of thought .
Texas is a big state
Smoking is not allowed on the plane
Plastics are synthetic
Blood comes out from living things body usually from a wound
Fast food contains a lot of trans fatty acids which are harmful to health .
A Freezer supplies cold air and no heat .
A live tuna would be in water so there wouldn t be a cat there and a dead tuna wouldn t be able to do anything .
display isn t related to sound
You eat chocolate not ride it
HORSES IS NOT A CAMELS
Plays are not a form of entertainment that inherently involves games .
you can not eat sand .
the plane is too large to be parked in the backyard
People can walk around at the strip mall and not on the patio
Ants would drown and die in the sea .
A turtle does not have horns
People typically bathe naked .
dead man is not have a soul to save
Umbrellas are used to cover from rain and sun
Horse can not have Tyre it only has legs .
Sirens do not bark dogs do .
Loudspeakers don t have a cellular connection .
paint thinner is not edible
People are created by procreation
Dark circles under eye only when strain
There are no waitresses in the metro
He can not be a computer .
a swimsuit does not help much during a rainy day
A blow dryer is not for wetting clothes .
A man s mother would not get to know him at a party .
PAPER TOWELS ARE TEAR ABLE
Jack ate soup from a paper bag .
tomatoes are not eaten from the ground
A building cannot be moved intactly
Paint buckets are used to paint rooms
People cannot live in the ocean .
A table is not an instrument that can be played in front of students
a knife has a wider edge angle that does not lend itself to an effective shave like with a razor .
happiness is not something like the movie tickets that you can buy
Water freezes at low temperatures .
leopards don t race
Food cannot allude to a source of information
RUBBER DUCK NOT A OPENING TOOL
Black coffee is a style of drink not the color
The hotel has no medical equipment to treat patients .
Telling someone you re a potato won t be helpful to anyone .
no one socially awkward can have many friends
Trees grow outside not inside
Whales come up periodically to get air .
You eat eggs
a baby is different from a cat .
Jeeps never encounter butter on the road .
clouds are not solid
A fridge is bigger than a chicken .
The tree has no paws and does not move out of place .
Humans cannot run faster than than light
A flute is for playing music it cannot draw .
a truckload of apples cannot be eaten in a day
Air is almost always invisible .
Having sex on a public bus is illegal in most places
cars cannot be ate as those are not food item
A blender doesn t help a car run
Plastic can not be electrically conductive and not a conductor
the bath makes you wet
A cooker is not transportation .
Dinner cannot be served in a bottle .
A pharmacy sells medicine .
a criminal always makes trouble for a country .
A bike is not a flying vehicle .
A baby cannot carry a man since she is much smaller and weaker than a man and hence does not have the strength to do it .
A wall clock is used to tell you what time it is .
lights don t cool rooms
Pouring sand on the eye is pointless and dangerous
Raccoons are wild animals .
Ice tubes are not something people make or use .
santa is a human
If the air conditioner is broken then it would be warmer indoors .
Blouses are designed for women to wear .
Non essentials for life is not air and water .
There s not possible to store giraffes in a wardrobe
Tailors deal with clothing and not Bathtub . .
FRANCE POPULATION IS SMALL
We wear loose clothes like shirts t shirts in summer not jackets .
bike cannot sailed on the lake
Houses are for living in not eating .
Books are not real time and do not record the events of the day .
There are more nutrients in home cooked food .
only ricch people stay in five star hotel
Hospitals do not sell tomato plants
A clock is used to only tell time .
Exercise can lead to more severe Achilles tendon fractures .
Myopia requires a concave lens to help fix it .
Port is not plant to be eaten by veganbo
People will not die when they go for a business trip
We talk with our mouth .
An air conditioner is turned on when people are too hot .
Books are not edible
A person cannot call someone using a pen
Hair cannot be raced with a tortoise .
People cannot be full of planes but a plane can be full of people
Oxygen is very important without which people and animals cannot breathe .
My first prize doesn t disappoint my parents .
The dentist fixes teeth
flowers don t bloom in winter
A feather weighs very little to make the floor shake
Being early does not cause trouble with appointments .
Golf balls are not edible .
Not eating for a half a year would be impossible .
You build with Bricks
Horses can not be driven .
Car is place not to put his shark .
Not all restaurants have daily specials
students don t skip class to learn
Her elbow is not a part of her mouth
Sharks don t walk .
Cockroaches are dark colored .
Dogs are not usually pets that people ride .
There is no evidence to suggest that moreover fishes are eaten by cats not vice versa .
Singing in a library is not allowed .
the sun is too big to eat
Flyer does not have many pages .
Boys do not wear skirts those are for girls
Rejection is not a cheerful or positive experience .
Dinosaur will not play .
Museums are meant to be visited by the public just for seeing not buying
Dogs cannot plan prepare or drive to camp at any time
A large building is too heavy to throw across a football field
Red blood cells are single cells without hair .
At night the sun does not shine .
rainy days umbrella should be open
moods are difficult to get through .
Paper is an inanamant object .
A lion is an animal
People don t subscribe to channels that upload videos they don t like .
A blanket is not food .
email can be received from another friend not from animal like dog .
A giraffe is too large to fit into a backpack .
no one can get stars and buy them now .
They don t make tequila at a winery .
Vinegar would cause coffee to be sour and not enjoyable .
pen is not furniture do not have drawers
Bikes are longer than chairs .
Weather is often unpredictable
Tianjin is not in the direction you would need to go to get to the Forbidden City .
Water cannot create a drunk feeling .
Usually jokes make people laugh
A clothes store only sells clothes not food .
Boats cannot fly .
All planets are round in shape
NO ONE WENT SLEEP IN A TREE
pens are used to write a book while words constitute a book
Human skin is not blue
An aisle is in general a space for walking
Houses are inanimate objects and thus are incapable of sexual desire .
There are nearly an infinite number of shops from which to purchase clothes .
Dogs are animals they don t understand the notion of reviews .
scissors cannot be used to put needlework together
You don t cook sandles .
If it s a Wedding Party then it would not be a birthday party they are different
Oven is not a place to bake the phone .
Parkour man only do tricks on streets and walls .
You cannot swim around in a park .
A logger doesn t plant the trees they cut them down .
normal people do not collect monkey .
Batteries only run on energy
Speaking to a wall is pointless .
Penguins don t live in the Arctic Circle .
TENNIS IS NOT A BICYCLE RIDER
Homework is given out in schools
The lion likes to eat meat so it is not a vegetarian .
Cucumbers are a vegetable .
Bidets are not made for sleeping
the bottom of the sea is not suitable for human habitation
The patient can not diagnosed the doctor s symptoms .
Kindness makes people happy .
Provincial administrative districts are not equivalent to administrative districts
Socks are not office material .
Wardrobes are not usual places to sit
A beaver is too small to be ridden .
A lamp is an object and cannot move or run in a race .
You can t defend yourself with a blueberry it isn t a weapon .
Ice cream should be stored in a cool place like a fridge not in the oven
you need two legs to run
basin is not a cloth to wash
Rice is not an electronic data
Grocery stores don t sell cars
The moon and the sun cannot co exist in the same space .
Scissors can t cut rocks
It is the duty of teachers to teach and educate people .
rails are for train not for cars
The sun rises in the morning .
trees do not have a park that can fall .
Leopards are large cats with spots .
There cannot be helicopters on the highway .
A farmers market doesn t sell Stocks
A man has only one head and two arms
Robots are non living object they can t eat .
You cannot eat stone
Diamons are too hard to cut with a knife .
A shoulder cannot take the weight of a house .
Because it doesn t snow in winter very often .
Beds do not run anywhere so there is not need for chasing them .
HAM IS NOT A STORE TO BUY
salon is not a financial institution
He cannot buy groceries from his neighbor .
Tigers are vicious animals and can be very dangerous .
There is no place to gamble on the moon because the moon is empty
HALLOWEEN IS ONLY IN OCTOBER NOT IN MARCH
Baseball players don t make touchdowns .
Driving on the sidewalk violates traffic regulations .
Computers are too big to fit into a pocket .
Refrigerators can t cook food .
Closing one eye doesn t close both
Mineral water is pure drinking water
A lighter is used to create fire .
You go to a church to pray
Televisions go on a table not on a finger .
Weeds are waste plants and nobody would plant them
Staple is not necessary for posting a letter .
The driver can t hear Mr . Taylor over the loud speaker
the rope has no life to jump
Cat and dog both are pets they cannot be pets of each other
Floating is not dangerous and there is no reason to be afraid of it .
While yogurt has active cultures it can not be used to ferment things because the milk would spoil and it would turn rotten .
Tree cannot be flushed by the bird .
TRACTOR IS NOT A PRINTER
A car drives and in no way washes or wipes a substance off of another substance since it is comprised of fiberglass and a cloth type item is needed for cleaning .
Students not supposed to go to police station regularly
Exercise is not linked with unhappiness .
Christmas cannot be considered a pagan holiday .
cat not found in ocean
The foot is the lowest part of the body and you need to look down to see
The commercials cannot help people at risk in any case
Bricks do not belong on tables .
Planes do not swim .
There are many larger planets than the earth in the solar system such as the sun
The oven is too big to fit into a pot .
A little girl is too weak to carry a truck on her head .
You can usually borrow but not buy a book from the library
Snapping a DVD would break it so you can t watch the movie .
A person would not fit inside of a lunch box .
Water can t drink people .
Uranus is too far away to be seen on the moon
soup cannot be sliced
Eating cake on birthdays is not necessary
Clothes are clean and garbage bags can dirty them .
a dog is not a location but rather a living being
you can t read a sock
the courier did not know the address
A snake cannot be trained .
There is no proof that eating meat makes a person live longer .
Helen was the attacker in this situation .
A wardrobe doesn t contain words
People do not eat cats .
A person would not put a shark into a cabinet
POCKET KNIFE IS NOT USELESS
Vegetables are not a hard material to work with to prepare a brick
Feet are not usually involved in kissing .
She has to use her hands to control the steering wheel instead of the feet
break windows doesn t need to wash
a refrigerator doesn t wash clothes
Ben would only be able to teach the violin properly .
Riding a bike is very tiring and cannot be done for long lengths
Perfume are used to spread cool smell to our clothes .
People usually turn blue due to lack of oxygen sometimes referred to as cyanotic .
To be become a baby is not possible practically
the plane doesn t work in the sea
A person is not a football .
cats are not man made .
No real plants eat human beings .
a vulture needs wings to fly
human take oxygen from air and pop out CO2 .
She does not stay in a cabinet
A phone cannot charge a person .
A ring won t keep you warm in a cold room .
Plastic bottles are not strong enough for boiling water .
Gloves belong on the hands .
I never saw a new born baby talking .
Some women do not have children
Office does not require chopsticks .
Texas is one of the largest states in the united states .
restaurants provide food they are not educational institutions
Banana cannot be used to call .
teenagers doesn t need to carry guns
a car would sink you need a boat
Water gun does no damage to people
Hunger should go to restaurants
A bowling alley can t be put on a couch .
Stones are not edible
Plants are green because they have chlorophyll
people cannot drive cars in water
milk will not clean your hair
cars can t feel pain
oil is not used to hydrate a person
Houses typically don t make any noises that would "sound good . "
Computer cannot ate by the little girl .
hands are a body part
Anemone will die on dry land .
waking up early in good weather is nothing to worry about
Bacteria die under heat .
"Nervous " is an anticipatory feeling something that s felt before an event occurs .
Mechanics don t provide medication
Cats do not bark .
A lion is much too large to put in your pocket .
Fleas are small creatures and are always smaller than mice .
its not possible for a dog to give a human a bath
One hundred miles are far beyond the range of the gun
bike can be road on road
physical appearance has nothing to do with success
A phone is used to contact someone while a bowl is just a container .
Pigs give birth .
Driveways do not have grass or flowers and therefore do not need to be watered .
Books are ruined by water .
Dying is a part of life .
A giraffe would be hard to contol and fit at a party .
drinking iced water does not help stomachaches
now a days computer skills only make a more job opportunities
Bottom of the sea is a place where a man cannot live .
Soldiers are not spongy .
Stones are not food
Cats are not able to read .
A dog could bark at a cat in the street
Dogs do not have opposible thumbs to do housework .
A stick can t be use to cut a fish .
In normal words can not show scenes exactly
schools do not move
cars do not fly
Humans are not able to contrust planets .
Apples are fruits
The dead are not alive .
Universities admit only the students who pass in qualifying exam
hammers do not have any ink lead in them that could be used to transcribe
Sitting down requires no effort .
water is a plain liquid
If a dress is ugly it is not liked by a person .
Only people can be arrested for crimes .
father is a relationship and is not sold in online shops
Dogs cannot write .
both eyes are closed
A dishwasher is not suites to store groceries .
Shooting ranges don t sell power tools or other non firearm related items .
A village is bigger than a tree
Helicopters do not take children to school .
You can t wear an animal .
Refreshing weather is usually not dangerous and there causes no worry .
Lions cannot run for office
The heat would melt the snow .
Wood is an insulator that is not conductive
Leaves do not fall in spring .
The light bulb was invented before Einstein .
Chicken cannot drove into the parking garage .
Bicycles are driven by manpower
Moon is deserted area .
The statue of liberty is far away from India
There would be no need for a visit to a butcher shop to get ready for a party .
dentists take care of your teeth not hair .
stones are not animals
Rivers is a place where we cannot found rabbits .
A river is full of water .
Sports do not create people .
Programming language is not a weapon
Pizza does not grow on trees
Babies do not like spicy foods .
Babies aren t able to drive
Tyranny is the exploitation and oppression of the people and can t bring them a peaceful and prosperous life .
Feet are not used to kiss
Crying is not exercise
The origin of Christmas is not in the East
It s neither interesting nor useful to watch brick
Nuclear waste is not recyclable .
Bananas are fruits and have no ability to make or receive calls .
Remotes never go into TVs
Trees have no ability to think and act .
Bike wheels are not edible .
Bear s wisdom is not enough
Humans normally have only two eyes .
A garage is building which cannot walk .
guns are deadly for human
Pencils gets soft when they are used up .
Enamel is white in color
Train does not fly .
Dumplings are an inanimate food item
Rabbits don t have shells
LAKE IS NOT TO SIT
many students fail science
Wood does not explode .
there s no black snow in the world
Cars cannot drive on water
Lips don t need to be trimmed
After washing your hands they are wet not dry and towels are used to typically remove moisture .
A cupboard cannot hold water .
Pets do not need to work in the office
Lion is an animal
If it s the same Jane she can t be married after she is dead .
Deserts do not provide the water environment that hippos need to live in .
People cannot pedal hard enough to match a car engine .
no one can bit a pen or eat it
A car will not function under water in a lake
Male almost will not pregnant
this work has high historical and aesthetic value
Magma would melt Tom very quickly .
No one paints portraits with a lamp
Christmas is a holiday in Western countries and does not originate in China
Dumb means a person cannot speak or sing .
Bicycles are powered by people .
Tomato soup is real tomatoe soap is not real
Fridges are for freezing and preserving food .
Usually cows don t bark
A blindfold covers the eyes so one cannot see anything at all .
The car rolls on the rails
Tacos are cooked not meditated
Pens are not edible .
Baths are too small to swim in
Human teeth are made of a calcium compound which is naturally white .
A software engineer does not construct buildings .
car dealers sell cars and not act
Sand is not edible .
Big trees can t be put into bedrooms
Bald Eagles do not swim they fly .
saved items are not put in the garbage disposable items are
the temperature is high in equatorial regions
Students do not battle .
ice melts so it is not used for making cars
you mend something that is broken .
Only fruits and leaves grow on trees
You don t surf on snow you snowboard
dinosaur ponds don t exist .
A year consists of twelve months so there are never thrteen months in a year .
PEN DRIVE USED FOR SOFTWARE STORAGE
there s no zebra in white color only
Squid cannot drive or live on land .
hoe may be damaged the ground
Cats don t bark
motor oil is used in cars and is poisions to humans
People who drink perfume will do harm to their health .
You should not shut off the VCR if you want to tape a show
You cannot see through iron
Bears are not domesticated animals
Mount Everest is immovable and immense in size compared to a table .
Kitchens don t have pools
eyes is a part of our body so it can t be stolen
Many things cause cancer .
John cannot have a spoonful of acid .
A laptop is a device not a printed publication .
Shoes are not edible
flowers can t grow in your ear
Tigers have cubs .
Tornadoes can ruin peoples homes or lives they are not beneficial .
Movies even documentaries are never completely true as the information they are based on may not be true or the writers and directors may change facts in order to fit a particular narrative .
Dogs cannot walk people .
You cannot eat a table .
There are only 365 days in a year .
Traffic water is not a thing .
Banks are not something that can be lost through exercise .
liquor usually makes people dizzy and stupid
The atomic bomb is not an animal .
Gasoline hurts flowers
The cotton swab has no sharp edge of a knife .
The luggage must be picked up at the airport by the man .
an eraser doesn t supply power
Sand cannot be eat with milk .
Squirrel coarse does not eat honey .
There is no river or ocean for fishing in the mall
Pets cannot work .
The USA is in North America
It s not possible to wear sneakers and skates simultaneously .
Cows are not able to digest stones .
Every animal has a distinct noise it makes and a moo comes from a cow .
Humans are not capable of flying
Fields are not fertile .
Music is abstract and inherently safe and provides no physical harm
Meat is dead animals and dead animals do not eat .
Generally when moving taking things out of boxes is counter productive .
One does not abandon their gold in public .
you can t fry food in an oven
A platypus cannot speak .
An monkey is much bigger than a fish tank .
Thieves will be punished by law for stealing .
The sun is too hot and far away for people to walk on
Your feet need to be on the gas and brake pedals while your hands are on the steering wheel .
You can t remove your lungs .
A puppy is not a baby bird .
You cannot use a muffin to listen to a heart .
Water is clear . If it is brown something is wrong and you shouldn t drink it .
The computer may be broken in the bathroom
You do not swim at the theater .
One cannot sleep in a noisy atmosphere .
Earphones aren t used for timing .
One cannot eat an entire apple tree
Peace pigeons symbolizes peace
Alcohol dulls your senses .
Buses have at least four wheels
Water cannot be sliced .
Houses need to have a roof to protect from the elements .
planes are drove in air
Sea water does not contain sugar .
You can t play cricket in water .
You cannot practise forgetting .
It is impossible for a train to fly in the sky .
Indian restaurants do not typically sell chinese food
A cut on an elbow would not have any impact on the mouth .
Poison doesn t not cure sickness .
lions do not attend meetings
Clouds are formed by moisture in the air
Juice is a liquid .
Giraffes are a lot taller than pigs
Phone is for making communication with others not sending goods .
A pillow is not used to watch something .
Restaurants are for dining
A football field is for playing football .
Facial cleanser can be bought in many stores but not from behind a pharmacy counter .
Stone can t be eaten
Dogs are not people .
Bombs are not commonly found in buildings
Sand is too hard and rough to be made into bread .
There are alternative means to connect with someone and gain information from the web than with a Smartphone .
Burning the magazine does not help the environment
We don t laugh at fear
There are not 31 days in September .
Jellyfish live in the sea and the water would ruin the checks .
If his rivals are powerful they won t give him a chance to stab them on the back .
Foot is not use to get food
vomiting is caused by being sick .
A cat would not have any use for a nail .
pork is not a vegetable
It is not possible to eat a mobile phone as they aren t food
You cannot ride a mouse .
Only athletes can play in organized sports events .
A hundred 1 dollar bills is the same as a single 100 dollar bill .
Play football is only on playground .
People don t make pies and cakes filled with deadly chemicals .
No one can play basketball with skates .
Students are more than the teachers in a school .
The van is too big ti fit into the house .
Mattress is not a place to keep the army .
Dogs are incapable of making films
Polar bears are found in the Arctic .
Deserts are dry barren and filled with sand .
Dirt is what is washed off of a car .
Cats can t emit any kind of light
mp3 contain songs only
Cats do not like being wet .
Pets can t make phone calls
Painkillers can help to relieve pain .
Trunk cannot be in red .
Earthquakes invoke panic not slowness
there isn t a switch to activate an ass
Eating elephants is not common and usually illegal .
The elephant itself is very large
Boxes can only contain smaller boxes
pizza is a food item not an item of clothing
Exposure to blue light is damaging to the eyes .
sharks live in the water
E mail cannot be sent to street address .
Cold water cannot be used to make cold noodles .
playing a lot does not help him improve handwriting
Fastening your seatbelt after driving provides no safety benefit .
telephone is not an instrument to play
Tigers are carnivores .
When you bluf you are trying to sell a lie
justin bieber is alive
Hockey pucks are too heavy to hit with a golf club .
dolphins can only live in the ocean
Corn has no lethality
Headphones are only used for sound .
There is water around an island so one can not walk there by foot .
the moon can t be square
Parent should not punish for good behavior .
A book is not a recipient for water
BRICK IS A WOODEN SO IT IS NOT USED FOR CALLING MANNER
Bleach is a chemical that is dangerous if you ingest it .
A knife is used for cutting not writing .
TIGER IS GRAZING BECAUSE ONE PROVERBS SAY SOME TIME TIGER EAT GRASS .
You don t surf weapons
salt water will make me more thirsty
The desert is very arid and very short of water .
Dish washers do not play movies .
High voltage lines are very dangerous to children .
People do not eat elephants
You watch the television .
Slacking off is the opposite of studying
Nobody wants to live a short life
No one will wear a watch on a chest
You would cut yourself if you shaved with a knife .
kitchen is not a part of a dog .
A dog can not play cards .
Earthquakes are dangerous and spill tea .
Flowers don t produce chocolate milk
Flights don t carry air .
no one gets angry for helping them
A couch is too heavy to throw .
no one use window to draw pictures
Entrance and exit serve different purposes .
Chopsticks are too small
Rooms are too small to play football in .
Bananas aren t usually sold at the hair salon .
Eyes do not die a color
smoking is harmful to people s heart and lung
Squids only live in oceans .
Walking on the grass is not good for the environment .
A sword is too big for a kitchen drawer .
a microphone cannot reproduce music
Rubies are inedible .
hippos do not fit in cars
table is only for wood not for feathers
Plane is only for very long distance .
Coffee doesn t contain words in it .
Eggs can not used as cricket ball .
Most people can t travel to the moon .
A bed is too soft and too small to play football .
blue is not a natural pigment for skin in any animal
The vet treats animals not humans .
The movie was boring so I checked my email and caught up with old friends .
Moral standards vary depending on who you ask .
Turner is a guy so it would not be "her " business .
Cows don t have wings .
it s not the police s duty to pay for the damage after a car accident
Mountains are not sold .
Hotels are not institutions of education
Sea is a place where we cannot ride .
A person would sink in a pool .
Putting in any liquid other than gasoline into the bike tank may destroy the engine .
There is no where to fish in the desert .
dark clouds cover the sun in rainy days and rainbows appear after rains
The chair cannot float
The police will only arrest those who break the law .
refreshing is not a bad thing to worry
A necklace isn t necessary for you outside .
A car is something you drive not cook wiwth .
Pupils are too young to drive cars .
Zebras are animals and therefore cannot play baseball .
Cocoa beans are ground powder .
Vegetables are not high in calories .
A TV does not have a place to put a remote in .
a panda can t fit in a overhead cabin
Pumpkins are not carved around Christmas .
Liz can t ate an elephant as they are to big to be eaten
forests are normally covered with trees that is what makes it a forest
Irons cannot make calls
It is a standard color red used for fire engines always .
chicken doesn t have hands to cook
Sugar is sweet .
Car is not allowed in the runways
One cannot eat a knife
air is not a liquid and can t be drunk
Dogs cannot breathe in bags
Screwdriver is a passive mechanical tool
The store owner will only ask for your money and not give it to you
Phones are not waterproof .
People do not make cats cats do .
a nap does not fill you up it rests you
To play games we cannot join the music club .
The mineral water is not sticky and the bubbles will burst soon .
Chili pepper will make you feel spicier .
male does not lay egg .
Human is a special animal on earth .
It s difficult and umnecoming for people to hug with legs .
Eating coal would cause illness to a person .
Courage isn t a field of research .
Earrings are too small to be worn around the neck
Bananas cannot be used to take photographs
There is no hairdresser at the movie .
indicating a gesture requires sight to interpret
cold water will lower your body temperature making you colder .
Teachers teach students in the classroom .
An old man cannot be run like a piece of equipment .
Lungs can t be in the head .
Dogs are friendly and like being around people
A mobile phone is not a place .
Our hands cannot protects by body lotion .
Antarctica is usually a very cold place .
Giving the person something you know they hate is not usually what people do .
Sewage is not suitable for eating .
Monkeys do not know how to fly .
Bicycles are too big to fit into back packs .
The book would get wet
You can t get ready for a birthday party at a butcher shop .
cats don t need monocles
Rocks are inedible .
oil and coal are not under the water
A tree is too heavy to float .
forest don t work like that
nope snow is white everywhere maybe yellow sometimes
books are not bottles of wine
Houses don t eat .
Blue whales will eat sea anemones
Death is inevitable for everyone .
Death penalty can kill people dead people won t be free
The doctor has no power to rule the guilty .
hackers do not protect the network because they are always stealing information
The bathtub is for washing up .
Repeated absences are not praised .
Tank is a battle vehicle
Watching tv does not involve moving or physical effort
a chair is a not human to fit
It is unlikely that the subject owns a bus .
Fish breath through gills .
Because doctor is not present at Cinema
Wind and wetness are two different factors that do not relate .
Electronic products must not be eaten
Bread doesn t mildew it molds and can be very unhealthy for humans to eat .
GIRAFFE IS AN ANIMAL NOT FRUIT TO PUT IN THE FRIDGE
Stone does not bore flower
You can not roast things in a school bag .
Umbrellas are not music and cannot be composed .
No one sleeps in a bathtub .
A tree is not an edible food .
A charging cable is incapable of carrying acoustics .
Rabbits like vegetables they don t like hair .
A BOAT IS NOT A FOOD .
The stone is hard and therefore is solid
Cakes are food so they are eaten and not drunk .
Sleep is a solid response for being awake 48 continous hours
a rhinosaurus is not a pet .
toothpaste is to clean teeth
The company focuses on practical ability
Autumn is the season when leaves fall from trees .
It is humanly impossible to eat a fork
There are no sodas in the sky .
Pigs can t fly
it is illegal for babies to do part time job
Falling happens because gravity pulls people objects down .
Parashoots don t have link with soccer
An ostrich does not go to the mall .
MOSQUITO DOESN T HAS TAIL
You can t write words with a cup .
It helps people contains caffeine
Car trouble does not equal a physical problem .
Steel does not float . It would sink in a lake .
plastic is not a food to contain calcium
It is not possible to consume food through your nose .
CHOCOLATE BAR IS FOR EATING
Spaceships belong in space not the sea .
Air conditioners temperature will not be very low .
A table isn t used for light its used for placing things
One cannot eat an oven for dinner . They can use it to cook .
feeling overwhelmed is a sign that the body reminds us not to eat any more
Dogs can t speak
A table is not a safe or sensible place for a shark .
An iron bar is so hard that one cannot break it with bare hands
Water does not contain iron
Food is not sold at the recycling center .
only glue is used to stick paper
Exclusive access means that everyone is not permitted only certain people may use it .
The height of the mountain is not measured by attitude .
You can not sew a door
Dogs do not see as many colors as humans do .
Paper is not as strong as a knife and cannot cut through anything of substance
lathe is a material
Wine is a liquid that is not poured on paper .
diamond is harder than knife
Dark clouds block the sun
A bowling alley won t fit on a couch
Shopping centers are the places for shopping and having fun
salt is soluble in water and moist places dissolve the salt .
There is no open space within the table to hold the cup
Chlorophyll is the thing makes plants are green
League of Legends can not be played on mobile phones .
Bats are animals and are not clothing .
Bears are not typically afraid of raccoons
Water does not provide energy for cars .
desk is not a place of playing childrens
In a year there are only twelve months not twenty
A very sour fruit would be something like a lemon .
Oranges are fruit with juice inside not dry and not purple in color .
China is not accustomed to eating raw meat like tattoos .
you cannot drive a house
Polar bears are to wild to ride .
Gasoline wold kill flowers .
People do not usually drive with there feet on the steering wheel .
Buckets without butts
barber shop is not located in a car
Coins do not float
A lizard it to big for a fly to eat .
You cannot drive a television .
Iphone does not make you loser .
TEAPOTS DO NOT GO ON YOUR HEAD THEY ARE NOT HEADWEAR
athleticism is a skill attribute not a sport .
Pure water has no calories .
Ants are insects .
Parrots can talk but not read .
Happy is a feeling not something you can buy
The pot is much bigger than the oven .
Vendors do no sell products like video games at shoes .
people do not use table to feed baby .
You don t wear calendars .
A cage is bigger than a tiger .
Giraffes don t buy things from stores .
Water by itself does not contain anything including added dyes .
Excellent work is appreciated .
aeroplanes don t drive
HURRICANE DOESN T SHOW ANY INFORMATION
salt is salty
Traffic paralysis due to non compliance with traffic regulations
Running is good for you and fights disease .
You should not steal .
People don t donate things for drugs
If the media hypes or misrepresents the facts people will be misled and fail to make the correct judgment .
You get clean after rolling in mud .
The height of the sun does not have any relevance to the heat it puts off
Dogs are not human and don t learn at human school
Sails don t blow
A comb is used for combing hair and chopsticks are for eating .
tortoises not from cat family
Hello is not a word that can t tell while leaving .
A mosquito does not have a tail
Wood is sold gases are not solid
if you have water on your skin you can t be dry
A ONE LEGGED PERSON CAN T NEED BOOT
Sodas are not found in skies .
Laptop does not have folded sheets .
People can not run on water .
lion is not a vehicle
Watermelons are not served with spaghetti .
Typically people eat turkey on Thanksgiving Day .
A snow scraper is used to scrape snow not power cars
Lava is too hot to drink .
There is no need to eat food if you are going to have a meal soon
A pet is a living animal which a hobby is a craft or task with you do for fun .
a zebra crossing should be driven by slowly
The shredder destroys paper and does not make copies .
The subway does not run from Japan to China .
Trees are found outside not inside .
Ice skates are for ice skating
there are no living dinosaurs today
Sleep is rest so you cannot work hard when you are sleeping .
Ants are too small
pigs don t go to school
the mountains are to big to throw
Being unable to swim would not stop someone volunteering .
Being healthy is not a cause of death .
English dictionaries contain words in english and latin
A watch is not worn on one s nose .
Grocery stores sell food
Roses are flowers and thus no crystals .
Driving is done on a solid surface and water are not solid .
Books are inedible .
Dead things can t walk .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Dumplings is not living things that could get sick
Water is clear .
At night sun is in other side
Tables is not something that prints hard copies of the document .
The moon only appears at night .
tractors are too big and not nutritious to be eaten
Dogs do not make food
Winter is a cold season
at night only the moon shines
the earth is much bigger than the moon
Most people learn from their mistakes and do not do the same things again .
the theater does not have a park
There is no such thing as Giraffe racer and no one rides on a tortoise
giraffe is bigger than the tub
Cows cannot swim .
A borrowed book would not be a souvenir
People can t be bought
Living creatures cannot eat stone .
A potato cannot cause an infection .
Wallets are not eaten
Hospital has dentist who can cure teeth pain .
a star is outside the earth and much huger than the car .
Hospitals do not have policemen
The Olympics are held every four years .
His foot is attached to his leg he cannot throw it .
Clean clothes need not be washed .
Bears are larger and stronger than people .
Stones are too heavy to play baseball .
A crocodile is too big to fit in a fridge .
tigers are animals that can t drive a car
Snakes always live on land so they can t play in the sea .
Grocery stores don t sell coach bags .
THE RACE CAR DRIVES NOT ON A CIRCLE
Bacteria is an emotionless and too small insect .
Bigfoot is an imaginary creature .
Earrings should be put on ears not eyes
A banana does not play audio
He cannot turned the videogame a car .
Tigers are dangerous .
You cannot swim in grass .
Salt makes a person more thirsty .
The dog barks for brutality .
a brush cannot clean teeth .
Herdsmen would never feed a bicycle as a bicycle does not only not consume but it isn t a herdsman livestock .
Basketball class can t learn mathematics
house is not wearable .
It is illegal for John to marry his sister .
you don t use tables for that
a man can t eat a whole pig
Shoes are too small for people to live in .
Baseball bats are designed to hit only baseballs and softballs .
A chair is not big enough to ride a bike on
Instant basket is not spoonable .
Millions of people around the world die every day .
Leaves are not writing instruments
Raccoons can t fly .
PATIO IS PUBLIC NOT PRIVATE
You do not wear bathing suits in the winter
The water from a shower would ruin the kitchen .
A refrigerator cannot grow .
Smoking will not help to stay healthy .
A toaster would washed not given bath to .
One can t drive a chicken .
Stomach is not available in the mouth .
lying is not right thus should not be encouraged
you ride a horse
Since basements are found under a building sunlight cannot reach there .
Boxes are sentient objects that can t move .
Snakes don t climb walls .
A bagel is not a means of transportation .
the theater is not a place to send criminals
That will ruin the cellphone .
An air conditioner is not for sleeping on
Using private cars will create more pollution .
Elephants are not allowed on streets
humans only have two hands
If you are distracted then you can t write the term paper
people don t eat straw
Birds don t dance .
Find is different of choose the mean is a person is trying to get something in the crowd in the multitude of things
if its not open you cant see
Interesting films make you stay wide awake and pay attention .
Cars don t float .
Drinking water is not against school rules
Pulsation is an action not a object
You can t ride bikes into outter space .
A paper can easily fit into one s pant while a train is extremely large .
It is extremely rare to hit a golf ball accurate with a baseball bat .
A leopard is a type of feline .
ITS COLD SINCE ITS SNOWING
The car has no money
There aren t any places to sleep comfortably in a kitchen .
trains stops at a station instead of supermarket .
The moon circles around the earth .
Laziness leads to mediocrity .
Grocery stores do not sell cars .
Laughter is not a symptom of sadness .
People cannot survive half a year without food .
Astronauts don t do other people s taxes .
There is no need for peeling since the bananas have been eaten .
bicycles do not have an engine
According to traffic law the driver should turn on the indicate before they make a turn
Cars do not go to space .
Foam lacks the structural integrity required to construct and support buildings .
volcanos do not locate in the rainforest .
Rocks are not food .
Hope is a feeling and cannot be bought .
saint always different from human
Water is wet and doesn t stick to your skin .
Ducks belong in water .
A car is too big to eat .
people wear shoes
spoon cannot cut food
You dig with dirt
Storms have lots of water which can be too cold for people .
A basketball court is too solid to swim in .
A cat s tail does not have the ability to turn on the TV .
Some people like crowded pub . so never be used nobody goes to pub because of crowded
Mammals are warm blooded animals and ants are not warm blooded ants are insects .
RMB IS NOT A METAL
Cakes contain a lot of calories .
There is no connection between having parties and getting good grades .
Babies drink out of bottles and not out of blankets .
Using alcohol is bad for a persons health .
Sheep don t eat stones .
Skyscrapers are too high for a cat to jump on .
Pliers cannot put in the guacamole .
NO classroom could hold thousands of students and no teacher could teach that many .
A hotel doesn t not have museums .
Eating in the afternoon is called lunch
People feel uncomfortable lying in the air conditioner .
Mirrors are used for reflecting images .
Water is the best way to hydrate
Brick is not allowed to eat
the clouds are too high to play with
toilet is not place of taking lesson
Cats all die at some point .
there is no black coconut
A plant is not used for making music .
It s impossible to wear chairs .
A truck is not an animal .
An elephant is to big to fit in a cinema .
Missing the flight can t cause a traffic jam .
Paper is malleable the pencil is rigid .
Knives cannot attach paper .
Stone has no mouth to quarrel with
people can t eat cellphone
it is legal to buy merchandise so a person cannot land in jail for that
George Washington died many years ago while many clowns were alive yesterday .
More of something does not automatically lead to a better outcome and more people may just actually create confusion .
Someone driving with their feet would have no way to work the gas and brake pedals and keep their eyes on the road .
Men cannot live on the moon .
Bee is a kind of insect and cannot be eaten
Milk has no additives that would refresh someone
Pens are made of steel but pencils are made of wood .
people wear hat on their head not feet .
A fly has six legs .
It would ruin their clothes .
No one will like boring movies .
Baking needs heat while refrigerator is used for cooling .
Sack cannot print .
Medicine does not kill .
You cannot swim in the bath
John is a typical name and people do not make fun of typical names .
You can t walk to islands .
Only humans play volleyball
no one wants to lit beds on fire
Tar is black in color
The density of sand makes sailing impossible due to friction .
A bird is an animal .
The seasons can t be sold .
The United States comprises North America along with Canada
Dark clouds block sunlight .
humans cannot eat that much food
Tigers are carnivores .
Shoes are not worn on hands .
Monkeys aren t found in lakes
usually fish doesn t go for cat for food however cats likes eat fish
Tables are not made out of cloth .
A microwave is bigger than a cat .
Vinegar doesn t come out of the tap
A cook works in a restaurant not a school .
Man has not proved that there is life on the moon
a desert is made up of sand and not the other way around
Ants are too small and lack the intelligence required to build houses as humans know them .
Dolphin swims in the sea it doesn t have limbs to walk on land .
Facewash isn t used to clean your teeth .
You can not hear scents .
you can not park one car on top of another
An airplane is too large for a bed and too hard to lay atop .
Humans do not bark .
Deleting items works in programmes a holding bay is a physical entity and aso these two don t exist together
A small place could not be the home of the over 7 billion people that live in the world today
Ties are not required in museums .
Table is much bigger than a book .
He cannot eat a house
Stones feel hard .
a silver spoon is used to eat the food with it .
A battle tank is much larger than a car and would not fit
YOU ARE SERVED COFFEE AT THE COFFEE SHOP
Dogd do not like stones .
Steel has greater density than water .
Working with computers is a sedentary job .
there s no need to feel stressful after the assignment is finished
Cages don t go inside animals .
Spaceships do not fit into soup
The spoon is very inconvenient for cooking .
tall girls can usually perform better in model show
You could not see anything if black paper was used for printing
Can t drink an object
Games do not have feelings .
when you should go to sleep then i would awake
A house key cannot be used to start a vehicle .
Computers don t care about fairness .
People only wipe their sweat with bedsheets in specific instances not as a common occurrence .
highlighters are multicolors
Pens can t write on the blackboard
If you go to a foreign country without a passport you will be turned away or detained .
a dish washer cannot display movies .
car and plane travel in different modes of travel
It s impossible to see polar bears in people garden .
Rubbish is dirty and smelly and has no ornamental value .
drifting bottle have no energy to travel against ocean current .
Engineers do not work in the medical field .
the sun goes away at night
A frog hops to move rather than running .
Contact lenses are used to make the eyes see more clearly
5 degrees Celsius is really cold and you need a coat .
bears do not leave tracks in the water
A candy bar isn t something you light
You can t buy hands from a shop .
Garbage cans are too large for baskets .
The dog usually might be not frightened by the man .
Getting more sleep doesn t help with getting fit
Cars don t keep us alive .
If you chose a local university it means it is closer to home .
guns do not have branches .
Monkeys are not kicked into goals
100 000 miles is way to long for one person to be able to run in one day .
Daily exercise is suggested for everyone .
Planting is not generally a means to becoming a top student .
Tigers are carnivores .
A lawn mower cannot be driven on the roads .
Planes are require air to fly and there is no air in space .
Water requires extreme cold to turn into ice and a stove is used for heating so water cannot freeze in a stove .
BANANA IS A FRUIT
Dogs cannot fly .
Sand will damage a pen if the pen is used to write on beach
The equator is always warm
house can t be used to transport
a zebra does not use a device
Human s face can t turn blue in any conditions
Polar bears exist .
cancer causes death not smoking
Stadiums don t have medical equipment or doctors equipped to handle a victim of a car crash .
There is no light emitter on the cicadas bodies .
One does not blow elbows like noses .
Teachers are who teach the students .
You cannot access a supermarkets in a car .
Dog does not have wings
Table does not be the kind of food .
the sun is not out at night
the boy was expecting to show his girlfriend around his house
children is too young to drive cars
Eating buns does not make you a dictator or a hypocrite .
Criminals should be punished .
Bottle is not a dress
Rats are not brave .
Bears are too big and powerful to be killed with someones bare hands .
Sharks cannot live on land .
A policeman does not steal
Trampoline can t jump
jellyfish are too jelly to hold things
You kiss someone to show love
Mars is so far away
A carton is a recycling object .
Eggs don t eat anything at any time
Planes are larger than people .
That is very unsafe and most likely deadly .
Staying in salt water for ten days would most likely kill Mary .
Goldfish are associated with shallow water .
brickstones are rock
Tractors are not food .
Eyes cannot taste food
bug can t be used to pack up chips .
There is no water or fish in the desert .
You cannot run on the cycle you can only bike on it .
A spoon does not emit light .
Rain is not a manufactured commodity .
Water does not power the refrigerator
no one will get good grades without study
there s no alkali in stomach
Being excited can help people remember things more clearly
Table is much bigger than the cup .
Bread is food and would crumble if you walked on it .
Rich families would be ineligible for low income insurance .
Eyes produce sight .
There is no tree named parrot Its name of a common bird people are aware of
Vegetable is a thing that cannot eat by the tiger .
Doors are unlocked by using keys
Thunderstorms don t have bodies there s nothing to sexualize !
Swimming in boiling water will kill you .
a shirt cannot be played on
A leopard cannot fit inside of a can .
Books are ruined when washed with soap .
Monk has no hair
Water would only turn to ice if the temperature dropped .
bikini is beachwear
Operas only play at opera houses .
Water freezes in 2 celsius
medical shop will not sells foods ever
the sun rises in the east and sets in the west
You eat breakfast in the morning .
Glass can not remove lead
A house is too big to enter a man
Hippos live in rivers and deserts are too dry to have rivers .
There are seven colors in a rainbow .
A car is made of metal and cannot be eaten by dogs .
Stapling a letter before posting might have the post office return it .
knife does not absorb water
Cars will not leave any trace on cement road
Only people who are dead have blue lips .
tigers and tortoises don t belong to the same family
Fish swim in water .
Turkey is a country and chicken is a bird
that would be a painful thing to do to yourself
space does not have gravity
A marathon is a running race not a swimming race .
Spoons are used for eating not writing .
people who catch criminals for living are called police officers
Hairdressers are not dentists
WHEN SUNGURA AND FOX EMERGED ALL THE ANIMALS STARED .
Soldiers do not obey the enemy .
a coat is warmer than a swimsuit
Going on a vacation is usually fun and not stressful .
Your brain is inside your head .
Only wild animals hunt their food not domestic animals .
Planes are located in the airport
Fish don t have legs and can t breathe on land .
A knife could hurt my dog .
Fridges do not sell clothing
a phone store is much bigger than a salesman
Bottle is too big for person to write .
World top universities do not offer students with really bad grades .
Wood has no mouth to read the text .
dogs cannot use a lighter
Books are made of paper and have no way to eat
People can t eat diamonds .
Only banks lend money .
a dog cannot operate a camera
Cats eat mice so they are often not friends except in cartoons .
bug means mistake its never open
There are not days in an hour
A blanket has no words on it to read .
Summer weather is hot .
Lions can t handle the temperatures of Antarctica .
Commercials are for buying products .
Nobody eats worms for breakfast
Rice is not typically stored in toilets nor would it be beneficial to put rice in a toilet .
Dogs can t fly .
Moving a store is impossible .
Gasoline is not eatable
creams and lotions are not edible
Dog does not cook
Oven is a cooking device and cannot be used to watch tv show
Everyone knows how to breath
Phones do not fit in chargers .
The tree is not a human .
When you howl when you re crying it is not joyous
Smoking tobacco is dangerous especially cigarettes . It causes sicknesses like lung cancer .
library do not offer shower services and so getting wet is not a possibility
a car does not drive inside a house
A basketball is not a vehicle .
she drank apple juice from a river
A hotel is where you stay and rest temporarily .
The power of car engine is higher than bike so car can not be slower than bike .
Ovens do not clean clothes
Bubble gum is not used to catch the baseball .
The hoe does not have the ability to clean floor .
Horses do not have wings and cannot fly .
Tables are too vulnerable to be danced on
Turtles live near the sea not in fields .
A cheeta can t live under water .
buses are on the ground not in the air
The sun is too hot to cool his skin .
One has to be sixteen years old to drive a vehicle .
no butterfly can swim in the water
Fire is hot and would not keep you cold at all .
Cursing others does not make you more friends .
zoo is not place to find a wine cellar
9 p .m . is in the evening .
The oven is for cooking food not storage .
Whiteboard is not a food .
There is no human life on our moon .
Water cannot be used to rub out anything written
Lamp cannot be eat .
Talking loud in cinemas disturbs people .
lion had no hands to make shoes .
A rainbow bowtie would symbolize fun and excitement and not to be worn at a sad event like a funeral .
Jane cannot eating a shoe .
Children cannot drink wine
A log cannot move on its own .
The moon is in space
Staples don t go in lighters
Leaves don t go on shirts and cannot be buttoned .
Lighters do not burn at the heat required to ignite iron .
Vegetables are healthier
Glass is a solid not a liquid
One knows very well about their favourite colour .
Some falls are not hard enough to break bones .
Journalists can not publish articles in the Bible .
Tables are used for eating and working not sleeping
Amino acids are not carbohydrates
At night there wont be sun to get sunlight
Banana is a food not a day .
A bicycle cannot run across the water
Celery cannot be eaten .
Cars can t be arrested .
Soybean is used in the cooking process
cocoa is made from cocoa beans
Chairs cannot cook food .
a dog can t help you when you apply for a job .
Seabirds can t swim in the sea .
A waffle maker does not have the electronics ability to make calls .
Air is abundant everywhere .
The car won t move in the wind
Traffic police manage traffic at intersections .
Duck wings are not strong enough
The job a progammer is to code .
Shanghai is the name of a city .
China covers the largest area in Asia and is not one of the smallest countries in the world .
Too much of anything is not good for health .
You cannot cook an Indian .
airplanes don t usually have fishes
Plants do not have a mouth to eat .
dog has legs not wheels
Chair is not a place to stand .
People don t drive cars inside their home
you cannot see the outside world through the closet
Gasoline is deadly to eat .
Lamps are not edible
An elbow does not have nostrils .
vanilla smells vanilla flavor not like shampoo .
The wheels of the car are not suitable for rails
It is rude to say "excuse me " after being helped .
Blackboard is not singers
Guns cannot work without a person using it .
Hair is too small and fragile to have a ring on it individually
You turn on lights when you are the first person there
Pork is widely known to be a consumable meat .
COWS HAVE ONLY KITTEN NOT BABY
At the beach people dive into water not the mud .
The access which everyone can pass is public rather than exclusive .
Pipette does not emit infrared rays
opera is a drama
Wires have no elasticity and friction and cannot be used to tie hair .
A fly s mouth is not big enough to eat a lizard .
Water is very fluid and doesn t trap people .
lizard does not have wings
Too much alcohol in our organism makes us puke
Oil would make the hands greasy instead of clean .
Children do not like to play in the rain with like me .
If the stone is in his shoe it will not hurt his hands .
oceans cannot be purchased
Athletic people are golfers .
Stones are impossible to fly freely themselves .
Your eyes would burn if you applied lipstick to them .
light bulbs can t make a call or other remote communication
Toaster is a electrical device it could not be wear .
The attendance award is given to people who always attend and are on time
the phone cant go in a charger
Concrete is not edible .
A rubber duck is a toy for children .
A truck will not clean teeth .
Book shelf is much bigger than the pocket .
BRANCH IS NOT A PEN
parents do not cook trash
no one can swim in the playground
Helicopters don t grow
Monkey is not a thing to play
An ant weighs too little to effect an elephant if it steps on it .
biriyani is an indian staple food
The moon appears during the night
A tropical breeze cannot be warm and cold at the same time .
boys usually don t like to wear lipstick
Wearing sunglasses could protect your eyes from the sunlight
Good grades cannot be obtained without hsrd work .
Air conditioners do not compute numbers
Lemon juice can do a lot of things but curing cancer is not one of them .
A pelican cannot carry a man .
Monks are bald and have no use for a hairstyle .
English exam is a language exam to write answers in English only and not in Chinese language .
Monkeys cannot playing games .
It s impossible to touch the moon
You can even tie a paper to a line but never stick to it .
Flowers need water to live .
What you dream of can not become the reality
The refrigerator temperature is too low go against the sunflower growth .
Eye mask is very small which only moisturizes the periphery of the eye .
people do not have coffee with oil
The sun is below the horizon at night and it s dark at this time .
it is impossible to make a planet from tree sticks now .
Your mouth is for making sounds not hearing them .
noodles are a norther cuisine
People usually won t hit their heads when the ceiling is high
it s useless to read books with hats
Accountants are not trained to fix rocket ships
a kitchen is not a sensical place for a party .
Food is not stored in the bathroom .
Man does not have the power to manipulate the sun .
If you say something frightening the audience will run away . They won t laugh . So the sentence is nonsensical
You can t eat when you have a haircut
You cannot take a plane to Mars yet .
money cannot be cultivated
Lipstick is put on lips and contact lenses are place on the eyeball so he would not put her contact lenses on her lips
Dogs lack to ability to coordinate their movements to music .
The money someone pays for public transportation does not pose a threat to anyone .
Cheetahs have an anatomy that is better suitable for speed and acceleration
Usually people don t eat an elephant Its too big to be eaten
You can t play a game with a dead person .
Fire cannot build houses .
A suit is something a person wears .
Wine is a liquid and cannot be eaten only drank
Comedy shows are funny
The sun is not too cold .
The time is not shown on stones .
people can t see stones clearly at night .
iPhone cannot be used for catching fishes
Glass is not a component of violins .
Punching is always a way of punishment .
Mobiles do not have any cleaning capabilities .
Humans release carbon dioxide
Sharks are not used to play with children .
Alcohol is not a part of a cats usual diet .
A wardrobe would not fit into clothes because it is much bigger
The temperature of the water is not high
Magic does not exist in real life
The taste of pepper in the taste is spicy
The correct plural form is potatoes
a cabbage is too soft to manage nails
when we look at plants and flowers we feel very comfortable
Landscape photos cannot be taken at home because there is no landscape at home .
Walls block light .
Dirty words is not for welcoming others
Planes are parked in hangars .
Sharks cannot survive in a bedroom .
In European football barring a few exceptions it is illegal to play the ball with your hands .
Frozen chickens belong in freezer
Trees are immovable but rabbits can
Garbage bags go in the trash can
Vegetarian s do not eat meat .
Asphalt and concrete the typical materials used for making parking lots do not form a reflective surface .
A living bird does not go inside of a refrigerator .
An ac is not something that we push buttons on .
Rocks cannot be watered .
Programmers build computer programs .
Trash cans are for collecting rubbish .
A spider can not play the xbox 360 with 4 controllers because it has 8 legs
Humans don t have hollows bones and can t fly
Luggage is too big to be kept in a fridge .
A human being cannot shut down
Food that is out of date may taste bad or be unsafe to eat .
Helmets do not play music .
Not everybody has to go to college there are others options after high school .
heat is not produce a sound to listen
POliceman are meant to protect innocent people
A kite can not fly without wind so we can fly a kite only on windy days
Dog is much bigger than a blu ray player .
The hotel does not fly .
Fridges are bigger than most people .
Playing computer games for too long can be detrimental to your health .
You don t go fishing in a supermarket .
A shower simply cleans someone but does not help with hunger .
New clothes are for wear not for mopping the floor but mops are .
You should not wish for punishment unless you deserve it .
fire is not an object to see and get burned
Shoes cannot be eaten
Keys are not able to hold a pocket .
Living locally is close to home .
Plants don t consume milk .
Sun can only be seen during the day
Putting rice in your shoes will get rice dirty .
people have not found any monsters
People can not eat something as big as an elephant
Tires aren t edible .
A whale is too heavy for a seagull to catch .
When someone is encouraged by another they don t break up with them .
there is no logical link between climbing a mountain and having an apple
the plane is not a discovery in human history but an invention made by humans in order to fly .
My brother can not be a horse .
Stones are not drinkable .
Tomatoes are held in fridges to be conserved
You can t become foreigners
Boats are made of wood and metal
A butterfly grows from a caterpillar
An elephant can t fit in a mail box
water is not a solid
A REAR COURTYARD IS NOT IN FRONT OF A BUILDING
a notice is not put inside people s body .
love is a feeling not food
the cook cannot examine an uncomfortable person
A mat is used for the floor .
oil is not a water
Fridges are for food not petting .
There are no pandas in South Africa .
Bicycle cannot travel in the sea .
Ham is not a musical instrument .
The sea never appears yellow in color .
game machines cannot make phone calls
Iron Man s wife gave birth to a daughter
A car cannot fit in an oven .
people usually propose first before they get married
When you leave you do not say hello .
teaching means share our knowledge so we should open our mouth
Egg yolks are yellow or orange
Cockroaches are dark in color
If your mother dies you should be sad .
Llamas are animals .
Water doesn t have any fat or sugar
It is effortless and natural to speak in one s mother tongue .
the sun rises up in the morning and goes down at night
A refrigerator makes things cold .
Diesel is a fuel for burning not parking .
Zebras don t have spots .
Golf can t be eaten .
When leaders are defeated they do not win the spoils .
A cabinet is to big to fit in a bicycle s trunk .
security will not let you jog in the mall
Most aprons absorb water and are not used as weather protection .
Frequent lateness counts as absence from work and cannot be awarded the attendance award .
laptops do not provide physical transportation
Loudspeakers would distract other workers .
Air cannot support a person s body .
kidney beans are no part of a cappuccino
window is not part of motor vehicle
The radio station cannot play his favorite movie .
Nobody owns the army they are part of the state .
lava would kill you
Dumpings is not a type of food .
Raising the temperature of the air conditioner will only make you feel hotter .
boats are not human to alive
cats cannot be flown
When you exit a place you are leaving so you wouldn t do that the first thing .
One ant cannot eat a whole pizza .
Eyes are not capable of singing
Most music listeners are not masochistic enough to play a song they hate on repeat .
Water cannot be found in a study .
any match cannot be played in the so small toilet .
CARPET IS A CLOTH
The wall is opaque
you take the bags to the store not the store to the bags
Winter coats are too hot for summer
The car does not need to be mowed .
drinking petrol is dangerous to one s life
The function of eyes is to see not to hear .
SPIDER IS NOT EATABLE THING
It is impossible to see sun at night
One cannot feel happy after the loss of a life .
Clouds cannot be naughty .
Dousing the flowers with petrol will damage them and not help them grow .
You do not store a pen at the bank to withdrawal
Companies are not built in forests .
the restroom is a place for people to go to the toilet
to surf requires waves and a board it is not a response to something funny
tie is unnecessary when visiting museums .
Whales are animals and do not occur like rain
most of the strangers don t care us
being kept in oven can make mushrooms cooked not fresh
A fridge is used for cooling not roasting .
a lion cannot survive in the ocean
Oranges do not make any sounds
Fiber optics is a kind of optical material without the effect of taking care of body
milk does not have caffeine
the stove is hot so there is no ice
A face washer is not a eatable thing .
People don t use airplanes for short trips .
people in china speak Chinese
A whale is too large to fit on a shelf .
Plants cannot grow using street light
Bread does nothing to help thirst
the city is full of cars polluting the air
ice would melt and it is no more a key
Rockets use explosive propulsion whereas grenades are thrown .
Rocks do not melt .
The dinosaur has been extinct for many years
Steel plate is harder than knife
arsenic is poisonous
a toilet cannot fit in a goldfish
Colored pencils cannot be loved .
Sandals are not good to wear in cold weather .
oven is used to heat not fresh
Food would spoil if a a refrigerator was hot .
A pop top can is much smaller than a cat
A book would not fit between wildflowers .
DOG DOESN T RIDE
9 p .m its not good time for afternoon tea
The ant does not have enough strength to move a large stone
sleeping don t make the voice lost
carrots are vegetables and have no feelings
The kitchen is not where people pee
Cats are too small to sit on
Dinosaurs have been extinct for hundreds of millions of years .
I am human pasta no
we re much bigger than the ant in scale
You do not plant seeds in a rug .
Library will not rent you are car
Umbrellas don t provide a means to communicate .
Iron is too hard for a person to break .
Snipers are not scientists .
moon is too far away .
Planes don t fly in the ocean they crash .
Your clothes will burn in the fireplace and this is usually not a desirable result .
A skate park does not have water to swim in
Bottles are not pets .
gold is too expensive to make vases
mom would not be glad that her birthday was forgotten
Giving some vegetables will not make you healthy .
People learn physical activities in PE class
concrete is not the food
Animal protectionists do not want whales killed .
A wardrobe lion is not something that is real or can be used .
The sun doesn t cross the wall
Eating too many cakes does not make a person thinner .
Brothels are not formal meeting places
potatoes are plants that live in the soil
Cars do not have the buoyancy to used for sailing on water .
The ocean is made of water .
dogs cant use phones
A hospital is a place of treatment
People do not usually ride tigers .
In a broken family life is miserable
A book is not food .
Trees are too big and cannot be shot like a gun can
Weights are used by weightlifters
Summer is too hot for snowing
Farms are not advertised using nuclear explosions
Paper has no cleaning function
A dolphin lives in water and cannot visit people .
Camels cannot fly design spaceships or naturally survive the journey to the moon .
Playing chess is a mental game and takes strategy .
Bathtubs don t hold fire
A mask covers our face
Kittys are real and commonly seen .
Kids can not purchase cars
People do not park their cars in the river people park cars on the road
Octopus is a sea animal .
Cats lack the wings to fly .
A watermelon would not fit in a young boys nose .
Living things do not get thrown away .
A day does not have 25 hours .
A brush is used for brushing hair so she did brush her hair with brush .
There wouldn t be anywhere to wash the clothes
Phone book is not a current affairs book .
cat and mice are enemies
mountain is big
Masks do not help us to see and could make seeing more difficult .
Shoes are thick and cannot be folded .
A donut is a separate food item and cannot be used to make eating an apple any easier .
We have copyright laws
A table does not have wheels .
People go into pools to swim not to sleep .
A lotus is also known as a water lily so it does not exist on land .
hair can t race .
Folding a dirty shirt is gross
airplane is too large to lift from the bird
Basketballs would not fit into a pistol .
Good night is said at night before you go to bed
Wood is a solid .
Computers would be damaged by wetness .
You would not go to the office if you are away on holiday .
Apples are fruit .
Bread can t keep out the rain
Alligators are in the water
If you are suspicious of someone you shouldn t tell them things .
MOUNTAIN IS NOT A BOOK TO READ
eraser is a rubber material which cannot produce current
sugar is sweet and not spicy
Electricity and water do not work well together .
THE PLANE ONLY FLEW
it is safer to transfer salary to bank than to house .
Clothes do not belong in the fridge .
You only travel on a spaceship to leave Earth .
You must compare the speed of the modes of travel
Three meters is an adult height .
Ornamental glass globes are so beautiful that people prefer to pay for them
The moon won t shine in the sky
Mountains are not animate beings and do not possess attitudes .
pancake are food couldn t eat people
Truck is an impossible thing to carry by a little girl
You can watch a television to catch up on a show or the news .
A computer does not cook food .
Private trading of firearms is illegal .
Notes cannot be recorded on a leaf .
Cheese does not belong in a magazine it will mold .
If there are mouses in a school they are exterminated immediately to not affect the correct functioning of the school
bottle is too small for baby kangaroo to fit in
A stove is too hot to hold ice .
Rabbit can only jump but not run .
A diesel is too large to fit in a garage .
Yo yo is operated by a single person .
NO ONE CAN EAT CHALKS .
Humans cannot fly in air
Cell phone bill cannot be watered .
Actually women dress to look their best when they go on a date .
Buildings are too strong for a breeze to destroy them
Carduelis are birds not insects .
Cats are not given dog food to eat .
Noodles are too soft
Crocodiles cannot light and smoke a cigar
police station does not have a shopping thing
it s not suitable to wear a necklace on waist
people can t marry their close relatives
Flowers do not bloom or maintain in winter .
Shoes should not put in the book shelf .
a hamster is not a power source
There cannot be the mammoth in a zoo .
Chocolate is a melting solid therefore cannot cry
Humans age in a natural process that does not involve re blooming as flowers may do .
You can t use a book to watch TV .
Children should not take candy from anyone .
The moon only appears at nighttime .
people rarely has tears when laughing
an interesting tv show woud hold your attention
pudding is a sweet dish .
LATHE IS A POLYMER MATERIAL
school does not build supermarket
Jack is too small to shoot down a plane
Bowls cannot contain fire .
Certificate is a proof of victory or position
Teleportation of materials or people is not possible yet
KATE AND HER OPPONENT BATTLE EACH OTHER
Water does not evaporate to ice
A bird doesn t read or write contracts on the dotted line .
Guinea pigs are too small to ride .
Dogs are not cold blooded .
banana is only for eat not for peeling
He should feel tired after playing an exciting basketball game .
Gasoline cannot be used to water flowers
The wind is untouchable .
The game of basketball does not use bats .
Detergent is used for washing clothes dishes etc and is not an ingredient in bread which is made with flour .
bar is not a sacred place to have hygiene
A pentagon has five sides .
Ants don t eat humans .
Diseases will make people suffer
bread is eaten and not drunk
Water is wet and can extinguish a fire .
Mustard would not taste good with ice cream .
Kitchen fires and or mistakes are not a direct result of cooking gourmet meals .
garbage is not a person to date
Bald eagles are not found in the water they are found in the sky .
People will get happy when we see them but will get angry when we ignore them .
Strenuous exercise is not an occurrence from an achilles tendon fracture
Spoons are not edible and are for consuming the food .
Water makes things wet .
A tree can not be flushed .
Fans don t want their idol s tear
you fo not drink oil by itself
Giraffes are dozens of feet tall
Lions aren t used in football and are usually too big to be thrown .
It is currently impossible for humans to travel to Saturn .
Feet make for better drummers they aren t the most vocal .
Nail s main use is to anchor any object to another .
Hot pot is very hot so it can make people feel warm
People play consume energy instead of getting energy
Mars does not have human civilization yet .
music in not visual
A food processing factory makes food products and cannot process furniture which is made of materials so a food processing factory cannot supply furniture .
Everyone who is alive breathes even Canadians .
Christmas tree does not produce any kind of fruit .
Paper is not a material from which you can make a coat
WE ARE NOT ABLE TO WATCH PROGRAMME IN STOVE .
An apartment is much bigger for a single family to live .
Excessive muscle activity can lead to fatigue
Listening to music don t break any law
people do not have exams in the cafe
Fast food affects health a lot as the ingredients are not healthy .
Hospitals do not serves dinners for guests .
Stones are generally too hard and solid for flowers to grow in .
people can t be put into the backpack
An ass is not a timekeeping device .
spoon doesn t used for cutting food
It stays hot near the equator
no spider has only on eye
A computer is an inanimate object
If other people occupy the seat we cannot sit down
Monkey s cannot fly .
Coffee has a stimulant effect and would not help someone sleep .
kitchen is a place to cook food
Alcohol dehydrates you .
Distant galaxies are too far to be traveled to .
a keyboard doesn t have a screen
You can swim or flail in the water
Many nations are bigger than Japan .
Alaska is cold .
People do not eat bricks for breakfast .
Footballers kick footballs all the time .
Junk food contain many unhealthy elements
Tables are not mean to be eaten .
You are sitting down playing a piano
Bathwater can t make your skin tan only sun can .
Bees produce honey .
A chef can only cook he cannot treat dogs .
an office is a place of work not of entertainment
Trees do not grow on books .
You can t sleep in bathtubs
wifi is not used to find a location
GUN IS NOT SUITABLE FOR TRAVEL ABROAD
A dolphin does not use a pen .
A handbag is too small to contain a large dog .
baby is impossible to earn
Blenders are used to make juices or mixtures not to buy games
Smuggling is a crime .
feeling and prediction are two different capabilities .
Airplanes are not musical instruments .
Concrete is not transparent and will cover the picture .
Cat is not used to rode into town .
Toilet paper will break when it meets water . It can t be used to remove makeup .
Having a baby is not a reason for a competition .
tractors are too heavy
Carp are not dangerous fish
A stick is a solid piece that cannot absorb liquids .
Stone is not suitable to write on blackboard .
People sleep in beds .
A house is too large to fit in a purse .
Renters don t rent properties to their landlord
my eyes can t hear any voice
Boys have short hair .
people are afraid of the tiger at most situation .
Koala is Australia s national treasure
Deers do not fly .
A rock is not liquid .
People can t eat video games .
HE RESTORED THE RUBIKS CUBE WITH HIS EYES BECAUSE HE SAW THE VIEW .
A woolly hat makes it very hot .
Chopsticks is a tool for eating not drawing .
policeman does not work in hospital
Buying a lot cherries when the price is high is not economic
A match will not stay lit in water
Thave have to assign it not actually do it .
Tears have nothing to do with strenuous exercise
It is impossible to type a body into a computer
boat can t sail in the sky
Vegetables are not sold at the theater .
There are no living dinosaurs .
Because you use bread to make toast not luncheon meat .
HORSE FOR RIDE ONLY NOT FUN
Parrot is a kind of bird not tree .
There is no reason to cook a desk .
meet has nothing to do with meat .
Helmets do not play music .
Shopping on Amazon is not the only way to buy clothes .
Tables do not need to be powered to function .
Paint is not a drink so one should not drink paint at all .
Tigers are carnivores not herbivores therefore would not eat carrots .
car has brake on footbar
Shooting games are usually violent
Turtles are one of the dlowest lanf creatures
In the day only 24 hours
You can not run using wheels
Youtube is for uploading and playing vedios instead of communicating
Phones don t belong in shoes only feet belong in shoes .
Stone cannot be digested .
A coat does not have a kite in it .
A mouse trap is tiny compare to a tiger s feet
Dieting causes weight loss .
Buying plastic bottle in Germany is not subject to a penalty so you do not have to pay it .
Cats have fur and bear live young
Tigers are not meant to be eaten .
stars can be seen only at night
wolves are not pets
Cricket ball is not a fruit or vegetable .
people have food instead of exams for the barbecue
introduction is the taken at the beginning of a course
A dog is too large to fit in a coffee mug .
Bald Eagle can t reach the height of the sun
A city is too big to fit into whatever belongings the person has .
There are cities on the European continent
Seahorses swim in the sea not run .
Nuclear weapons cause mass destruction .
A rock cannot be listened to and does not teach classes .
A sword wouldn t be effective in modern combat .
The curriculum at school is a guide to learning .
a book is smaller than a library
It s hard to eat soup with a knife .
People don t buy ugly things .
Teachers like it when students help others .
Your house is too heavy to put on your head .
A library does not contain rivers .
Charity is not against the law and is respected
Pens are a writing implement used by many people .
One cannot chat during race .
Cyclists can t ride a zebra in a competition .
River water is fresh water not salt water .
As snails grow their shells grow slowly rather than changing them .
Bikes are not made for the purpose of sound .
banks are where you deposit money
a wise man would give wise advice
Artists do not necessarily have first aid skills
Smoking warnings are used to outlaw smoking not encourage it .
Sandwich is not a thing that cannot wore .
A movie is watched at a movie theater and a library is for studying reading etc .
People don t do homework at parties
The telephone is one of the important things but not the most important thing .
Mirror cannot deliver water like water taps
flowers have cycles
Nurses work in a hospital .
A toilet is for human waste and is not used to eat food off .
People do not eat sandcastles .
You can not swim in the sky
The immoral rich are only a minority
There is no such requirement and you would usually not be legally pass a border with a gun .
AN IRON IS NOT FOR COOK
no wolf is docile naturally
water always extinguish the fire .
KTV is a good place to have fun .
No one can live on the top of the Himalayas as it is inhabitable .
the pericarp of durian can t be eaten
COMPUTER IS NOT A BIKE TO PARK
The box of chocolates is not edible .
cherry blossom is the brand name not the flower .
A child isn t usually beaten by their mother for doing well .
Time numerals do not go higher than 12
Hamburgers and pudding are lunch or dinner options not breakfast .
Parents aren t sold at supermarkets you are born with them .
chair cannot be connected to the television .
Bullets move too fast and strong for cotton padded clothes to stop .
Tea cannot be soaked in oil since it is not soluble .
You drive a car and fly an airplane
Staplers staple paper .
a spider has eight legs
Inches are a measurement of shape not weight .
no one can eat a tree
I prefer apples over bananas .
Electronic devices save people a lot of time
Elephants do not typically wear clothes
His mouth would get hurt .
Sandstorms do not form in tropical rainforest
Showers are used to get rid of dirt .
Mouths are used for eating and drinking
CONTINENT IS A BIG
night food called as dinner
Salt is not spicy
Lamps don t ring you turn them on and off .
Life cannot be made by machines
lung is a inner part of body
it s not good for a sick person to eat spicy food
You can t digest stones so you shouldn t eat them
One cannot drive a lion .
Pants are not food to be cooked
Steak is meat from a cow not seafood
In basketball points are scored by putting the ball inside the basket .
A person can put ribs on a grill to barbecue but a grill cannot put on ribs to barbecue .
A barber shop doesn t have food
Sheep do not shop anywhere .
Submarines cannot fly
Mouse can t be used to listen to music without a receiver .
Salt contains no energy .
You cannot eat wizards .
Museums only have dead creatures .
Monkeys don t create poems .
Cold medicine cannot stop pain .
It s not normal forget body organs in a train .
The Arctic is too far away from the Antarctic for penguins to swim .
there is no such food called currant bag
A bank contains money not lunch .
Pen is an instrument used to write in books
fire is not food item
Cars that can operate by theselves are still in the testing and production phases .
People don t kiss snakes .
Cows are living creatures that are too big for trash cans
the stickers can t certify that the postman has paid the fee
Bears are too big
A horse does not bark . A horse neighs .
You can t drive across the ocean .
Whales are huge to fit in a backpack .
no one wants to be with fiends .
Lip gloss cannot always make lips red as it depends on how you apply it .
You can not get money from a zoo .
Pets move around too much to be stacked on shelves .
Nobody you KNOW has a birthday today there s sure to be maybe millions of people around the world that have one right now though !
Breasts do not inflate .
you should give driving your full attention
Barbie does not associate with robots
Tests belong in the classroom .
You can not be a legal citizen of a country if you entered that country illegally to begin with .
Fish don t walk .
College admits only after higher secondary
You cannot drive and play guitar at the same time .
credit card is to do online money transactions
Shoe wax would damage a phone .
Revenge does not give assistance .
Stores sell products .
traffic jams increase travel time and delay arrivals
I think that John is an extremely common name .
A dog cannot ride a bicycle
People do not purchased rotten milk .
Animal protectionists want to prevent animal deaths
HE ONLY WORE COAT NOT SANDWICH
You wear running shoes on feet .
Gasoline is not a drink .
Mosquito nets are transparent and do not shield from sunlight .
Ink is used to colour an object not clean anything
Silver is a metal not edible
A computer is a manufactured item .
Peaches are round and soft not square and hard .
water does not contain fat and sugar
It rarely rains in the desert that s why deserts are so dry .
people use grapes to make wine not grass
After a good date you would want to invite your partner in so you can still have more time to spend with each other .
Beethoven does not study physics but is good at music
Down jackets are designed to keep the wearer warm .
no plants smell like batteries yet
Donkey cannot be packed for lunch .
Tennis is played with a tennis ball .
Skydiving takes place in the sky
You can flush a toilet but not a tree .
We cannot eat banana without peeling it .
a cake is not a liquid and can t be drunk
Otters don t use phones to communicate .
A lock is assigned a very specific sequence to access .
Uranium 235 is radioactive and kills the life .
tire was not square
Dogs are man s best friend .
You don t wash electronics .
Planes move at higher miles per hour than cars .
Plum blossoms are winter flowers .
Can not live in a house made of paper .
An elephant would not fit under a bed .
Planet cannot be made with the trees .
Surfing is done on water and a desert is dry and arid and sand so one could not surf in the desert .
doctors do not give patients poison
A book is not a food material to be cooked .
Monkeys don t go to funerals .
hamburgers don t represent humans
Scissors are a kind of hardware tool
It is one of the top disease state causes .
We display notices
wine is made from grapes so rock does not have wine in it
Dogs can t communicate with their tail .
Deserts have a small amount of rain each year .
It is a mistake to break the glass
no rat is fearless
Most people will feel sad when they see a tragedy .
bikinis are typical worn as an outfit separate from clothes thus they don t protect clothes
Boiling water will melt the plastic bottle .
Running allows for one to keep a good figure . Not the other way around .
Worms cannot be put on a menu .
A table does not melt at room temperature .
Were is in the past and not the present .
You can only ice skate on ice
Most people do not sleepwalk .
A car is to big to fit in a closet .
BALL IS NOT A T SHIRT
To put Hat it requires necessary surface
Noise can be annoying in the cinema
PAINT IS USED FOR DESIGN PURPOSES
Bikes are inanimate objects .
Nazi policy is based on hating Jewish people
barber cannot help shorten coat
Unicorns do not exist .
fire is for lighting cigarettes not water
drinking water is a natural human response
Eating metal would kill a person .
You don t earn money smashing your cellphone .
Fish can be seen only where water exists no water in forest hence no fishes there .
extinct animals no longer exist
There is no natural phenomenon where the trees leaves turn from green to blue .
Chinese pizza is not a commonly known thing .
mercury doesn t has a explosive materials
Petrol is gasoline and would increase the fire not put it out .
The Prime Minister of the UK is Boris Johnson .
The gun dose not make laughing noises .
Breaking windows is costly
Flashman is not a Marvel character .
Cars are used to get a person from one place to another not check for colon cancer .
Robots don t eat .
then you ll get colder thats what fridges are for
Turkey does not provide milk .
Lemon is sour and not sweet .
Birds cannot fly under water
turning radio on is not responsible for car to be rolled over .
a mouse cannot wear mickey mouse ears
The calendar will not change so it will not show the time of every hour .
The number 21 comes after 20
Windows are inanimate .
Sneezing is due to a tickle in the nose not an emotion .
Most people tell lies occasionally .
People don t get angry when they are complimented .
Chopsticks are not used for drawing as they re made of plain wood .
It is important to be in time for an interview .
A soldier should be loyalty to his country because it is his duty
Eating doesn t feed smartness into your brain it makes you fat .
Hamburgers are not in liquid form .
922 isn t an emergency number
Fire can burn or kill you .
People seldom have the strength to run when they are hungry
Music operas are not held in gyms .
Hanging your clothes in an oven would ocok them
Sugar has no medicine in it
Walking makes no sense if the distance is too long
Sunrise is the time for most people to wake up
RADIATION IS NOT A FOOD IT IS A ENERGY TRAVELLING THROUGH SPACE .
The universe is infinite making it difficult to measure .
gasoline is not fit for drinking
Mobile phones can t hold water
Shoes are articles of clothing and not liquid .
Zebras are too big to fit on a washing machine
we won get lost if led by rail .
Cars are too big to fit in a standard sized kitchen .
A dustbin is usually for trash rather than food .
Underwear is used under pants
Accident s cannot be met they are an action that happens to one .
Dishwasher liquid is not good for your face .
clothing is worn to cover the body
HIS BROTHER IS A HUMAN NOT A LIQUID
Rice is not used in making butter
The sponge is the item that is used to do the washing .
Tar is black .
Most people are embarrassed for forgetting things .
Fighting often makes disputes worse and does not solve them .
Durian peel cannot be eaten .
Mud would not make a very good cake .
Having a cheeky expression at a funeral would usually be in bad taste .
Pudding is not a liquid .
Soup dishes can be found in the kitchen or pantry
Owls are nocternal .
a music box is not alive
You cannot fit an apartment complex in a filing cabinet
The earth is not flat because there is no edge or end .
Trams require a railway to move and work properly
Soda cant freeze unless it is kept cool .
Dictatorial president don t spend time with their people
Water doesn t preclude vision .
There are not bold eagles in Colombia
Chopsticks have no effect on decorating and tidying hair .
Teach cannot be a sally .
Watermelons are large and would require both hands to hold one .
If the room is hot opening the heater would only make it warmer .
You drive cars on roads
losing weight requires less intake than consumption
Mountains are much larger than baskets
Stores are for buying new clothes .
Tripods have three legs .
Tailors work on clothing not bathtubs .
The jungle is too dangerous for children to wander through alone .
A dog cannot talk
When you quicken your pace your heart rate increases and affects your breathing .
Stones cannot catch on fire .
If suicide is forced it is murder .
Education is not available in the cars .
Sky do not have water for sailing
Teenagers can t be tie dyed .
Garbage is not alive and does not eat
only a good drinker will not get drunk
You should not put your pets in a briefcase .
No one lives on Mars
Chickens don t often fly .
Pizza parlors do not have exercise equipment .
A eagle is incapable of catching a lion as it does not have the power to lift it .
The temperature in the storm will inrease
RESTAURANT IS A PLACE OF EATING
Pens don t have doors
You cannot drive a car in a supermarket .
A school is for learning and a restaurant is for dining .
Ice is a cold thing and cannot be compared to fire .
Jumping off a table will not kill someone
Dogs don t talk .
Liver would not normally be on a train .
A pair of sneakers only needs two holes one for each for each foot that goes in .
There is no toilet in a living room to pee
water is cold
Plants require chlorophyll .
Kerosene is not necessary for cultivation .
People eat cakes .
Water is a liquid which cannot be used to make a bowl .
Cars are not used to ski
Prisoners cannot float .
All chairs need legs to keep balanced .
Dogs cannot read
human body does not contain organs .
one single person can t arrest the whole military .
Prayer hall is not a right place to buy cosmetics or anything else .
Disordered people is not a classification of people .
The kitchen is not suitable for watching TV
Surgeries are done at hospitals
Shoes are footwear and does not serve as a dish container .
Rich people can do good things .
Tall is a normal physiological phenomenon
hens cluck everyday
People normally listen to radio as there are no visual content
Police don t treat patients .
Mars is not recorded on the world map
Putting feet on the table is uncivilized and should not be praised for
Machines do not have nerves
Firework does no harm to the city
A dog cannot drive a car
clowns are humans not hats
Hospitals are to treat the patients .
Some birds are sparrows .
people are divided in opinions not toes
the high speed railway cannot fly
People run on the sidewalk and not in a lane .
Sharks live in the ocean .
A soap cannot be used to cut hair .
Water does not have color and smell .
A crawfish is too small to eat a human .
Hills are created by God not man .
Click computer s with a mouse .
soda kept in freezer for cooling
People do not eat automobiles for food
Trains can t fly let alone go into space .
You cannot wipe the bread because the diamond is of solid matter .
A washing machine cleans clothing .
Tall is an adjective without negative connotations fairly common and not known to be harmful .
The vitamins in vegetables are good for health
ships cannot be found in an airport
There are specific paths for pedestrians in which cars cannot enter
thimbles are too small for clothes
Read is just knowledge but swimming is exercise
You do not board a ship at the airport .
Marmalade is not something usually eaten for dinner .
Gun is a weapon it cannot be used for asking assistance
The television is not alive so it can t watch him .
Babies are too young to work .
Water can t provide energy for cars
lawyer cannot prescribe medicines
Pencils to do not contain ink .
Noses are for smelling .
SHOPPING IS FOR PERSONAL PURPOSES NOT FOR OFFICIAL PURPOSES
if someone is drowning he or she must be in the water not the sandpit
tree is smaller than park
grass does not come in orange
You might get caught in the metro door .
Socks would not hold apple juice but would let it fall through .
rice does not grow in the playground
discovery is to find something that already exists
Oil cannot be used to water the flowers .
Fire is to hot to drink and is not a liquid .
You can t play tennis while riding a bicycle
People drown in water not sand .
A range hood is to remove the smoke from a stovetop .
Birds use their feet to walk not fly .
helicopters are used to fly only cars are allowed on the hoghway
Water does not stick and can not seal .
A football is thing to play with not a thing to eat
A car is much heavier than a kid .
Human blood is food for mosquitoes
A building cannot be eaten for lunch .
One does not order a fridge at a bar
Money is essential to live a life .
The human body can t stand the high temperature of 57 degrees
A fridge is not used for the storage of microwaves .
It s not usual to visit fridges
A dog cannot sit on my head
TIANJIN IS NOT FOR VISIT FORBIDDEN CITY
You don t wash toasters in a washing machine .
French fries is lack of vitamin
burglers have a bad habit
A bed would not fit inside a pan .
Pens do not get washed .
Egg yolks are not blue .
all the criminals are kept in prison
Water can provide energy only if used to power something else .
Land animal is not the egret .
A fridge can t fit in a wardrobe
Water bottles are typically filled with water not paperclips .
Rainbows are known to have seven colors .
A thread is not sharp enough to prick a hole in paper .
Fishes don t live in ladder
hairdresser does not need oil to work
Recovering alcoholics do not drink beverages with alcohol thus she cannot order an alcoholic beverage like wine .
A horse is too large to fit inside a wallet .
Children grow taller with age .
Water vaporizes at a hotter temperature .
Planes are much bigger than people
Milk powder supplements calcium in human body
dishes 100 can be cleaned in a dishwasher
Sun exposure causes skin to tan not whiten .
Ducks wings can t fly .
Ladder is an object to climb up and is not a place
The bar is a building and cannot be stolen .
Backpacks will not fit closets in them .
RAIN IS WET ONLY NOT DRY
Dirty utensils don t get cleaned in a washing machine .
Hat on your head
mouses is a animal
A computer cannot make lunch .
Dumbells are made of metal and are not edible .
Things cannot catch a cold
Cats are mammals that live on land .
zoos are not for exploring
a rock is a non living thing
shining cats and dogs does not make any sense
Fancy stores don t sell books
diplodocus is far too complex a word for a baby
You cannot be physically inside a radio
insects are not primary tea ingredients
A roof is not used to measure time .
food doesn t get you drunk drinks do .
Atoms are much smaller then ants .
Kimodo dragons can t fly to flowers .
An apple pie is not a standardized testing method
hotel websites do not provide answers to the exam
Chocolate is a food not a transportation unit
Stone cannot be digested by human body
The bedroom is too small to hold elephants .
You would slip on the ice with sneakers
People live inside of houses .
dogs have puppies and cats have kittens
Burgers cannot speak and would not be able to describe their value .
No living thing could touch the sun
You cannot have a divorce if you are only dating you need to be married
a stove does not provide a way to write on it
The glass frame has no corrective lens .
magnet does not attracts plastic
Elephants are to heavy to carry .
Televisions are not vehicles
panda is only a black and white color
Dirt is not something you eat for breakfast
people touch fares everyday .
Public transportation will release less harmful gas than private cars
ocean is a natural product
The gym is a place to get a physical workout .
A coin is paid for work done during a time not exchanged for time itself .
Apple is sweet crisp and tasty . It s not sour .
lions are carniverous animals
kangaroo is a animal
Statues are artworks and are not often used to keep crowds back .
Computers are used for data processing not cooking .
a butcher shop is for getting cuts of meat .
She refers to a female and not a male .
Smoking is detrimental to heart and lungs .
no one does math test in the bathroom
You do not cook blankets .
A zoo is a large attraction and so you wouldn t sit at it
Parrots are animals and don t have jobs .
An elephant can not go to a cinema
A cat is an animal and cannot be flown in the air .
Dinosaur are extinct .
Mobile phones do not have the necessary appendages to move tables and are also much too small for that .
It s not nice to squeeze someone into trunk .
English can not change yourself
Apple is nutritious food
Facewash is not for cleaning your teeth
Santa Claus comes at Christmas
Pens are made to be used for writing and are a common writing tool that people use because they are effective .
he would feel negatively about the betrayal of his friend
Cat has four feet
People don t have to leave the train in a normal train station
ants have a eyes to see
There is no way that he would be disturbing others if he is wearing headphones .
There are only 30 days in September
Work is stressful and rushing .
We should not fold the shirt when it was full of dirt .
Doctors have to go to medical school for their education and preparation .
Planes can not run underwater .
if the lights are off you wouldn t be able to see the words
Stone can t eat
Noise is distracting .
It is impossible to walk on a lake
Orchards have fruits and not books
Boats are made to travel across water not to be eaten .
Pandas are solitary animals .
NO ONE ATE TRUCKLOAD OF APPLES IN ONE DAY
A sailboat can t fly
relic aren t edible .
A ruler is too straight to draw a circle .
parlor sells only ice creams
Mmath classes are usually taught by math teachers
you don t loose weight by eating more
We don t drink sand .
It takes a lot of strength to run around but the feeble patient is not strong enough .
Pork and Turkey are not the same kind of meat
When a delivery is delayed it makes people upset and not excited .
A pen is not edible .
Macaroni are a food
Bouncing is not a part of dance .
A library is noted for housing books not criminals .
You can not eat a plastic bag .
truck moving on road
Cooking is done only in kitchen .
students take time to study not blood
Dogs don t talk .
sunlight is not the cause of the flood
A mouse is considered prey for a cat .
A dentist cannot treat you when you are sick
fire is not a living place
If you don t practice you won t learn to swim .
a soldier cannot be physically spongy
More clothes make you hotter .
a lion wouldn t fit in a tub
Sticks do not absorb .
dogs are not office equipment
mosquitos sting people not the other way around
You can t make an apple using pies
Using the word too much indicates negative consequences .
BOWLING BALL IS A SPORTS THING
Wheel chairs cannot move in the steps
computers can t run to catch mice .
dinosaurs are dead unfortunately
Park is a place not to park the car .
A donkey is an animal and can only be ridden not drove
Elephants are scared of bees .
Sunglasses are mounted on the ears .
elephants are not meat eaters
No one can go through life without lying
A hole is always down so she cannot fall up .
Math is taught by a mathematics teacher .
greenhouse don t sell pants
putting on his coat usually makes he feel hotter
Dinosaurs are extinct .
A table is too small to house a family .
The mind is weakened by alcohol and becomes blurred .
Elephant doesn t have wings to fly while birds have .
One does not criticise when he is in the mood for celebration .
banana is possible to peel
The moon is not a place where the earth does not orbits .
Colds do not make people enjoyable or happy
street address is not necessary for an e mail
He would not be happy she is crying
An umbrella keeps out the rain
Paint is poisonous for our human
A whale will not fit in a backpack .
A house is much larger than a purse .
Water is liquid .
A tv is for watching and does not have the ability components to make a call
playing an exciting basketball game make people exhausted
a elephant lives in the flat groud .
Those who are not economical do not spend on what they really need
fat is used to describe people s figures .
A teacher wouldn t call someone s girlfriend to complain about not finishing homework .
Speeding is wrong and should not be rewarded
THE MONKEY DOESN T ATE STONE
People run on treadmills
Wine drench paper but doesn t have the ability to be inside of it .
Drinking alcohol is very detrimental to your health .
A knife is not a tool used by a barber .
The word golfers comes from the game "golf " and consequently can only be used when playing golf
you cannot drive in a river .
Pistol jacket should not wear by the daughter .
Dogs can t drive cars
A horse is unable to climb .
A stack of buses can not fit into a desk
no on enjoys a bad cold
Human could only drink fresh water and the seawater is not drinkable
Hair cuts always shorten your hair .
rain clouds covers the sun .
Blankets are to cover up with they are not food .
Hippos are very large and can not fit in pockets .
The temperature won t be shown on a clock .
Biscuits are not a liquid .
movie halls do not house books
A weeding would be two people hanging out in a garden .
A colander has holes and will leak it taken to sea .
A bicycle only has two tires .
Since there are 50 states in the USA and states are made up of many cities there are much more than 50 cities in the USA .
You don t turn off the lights when you arrive you turn them on
A chair can usually fit only one person
Dinosaurs no longer exist .
Food cannot provide references
McDonald s does not serve lobster .
The President is not allowed to change the constituion .
doctor cannot catch the thief
Toilets do not serve sushi
ice skates have a blade and are used for ice skating not hiking
Cakes are baked not broiled .
You can only go out immediately one time if you are out
There many other ways to learn the news such as the Internet
Eating beef does not usually weaken people .
Trash can cannot made by the her .
Spiders are too small to ride bicycles .
Even the whole earth is much smaller then the sun .
A person does not use car keys to make a phone call
Fire gives burns which hurts .
You should not drive after drinking .
Diamonds are not edible .
Newton has not seen the light bulb
Thought is not an entity and cannot be seen with eyes .
cheerleading does not use math
Ships are found only at sea and seaports
Money do not necessarily work on a deserted island
Kitchen is a place were we cook
Stapler is not used to write answers on the test .
You go at a green light .
dog is an animal not a ball .
Chimpanzees can t play with computers
Kneecaps are located on legs .
Models are tall so to be short would not be an advantage .
Zebras are herbivores so they don t hunt .
Chopsticks are not effective to clip an elephant .
Alice cannot light a rock
You cannot eat computers .
Hamburgers are alwsys in round shape .
LeBron James is a basketball player
Petrol is toxic to plants .
Strawberries are not a drink therefore you cannot drink them .
Stones are not food
after studying hard you get good marks not big bananas .
humans don t eat plastic
You can not cook without fire
People got to know their parent once they re born
Buckets are solids which can not be poured .
Working is necessary to survive .
Raw meat cannot eat by him everyday .
apples cannot be killed since they are not alive
A house is way too big to fit in a pocket .
Concrete is not edible .
Volcanoes don t bleed .
People cannot travel by bird because no bird can hold the weight of a human on its back whilst flying .
Bamboo is a kind of herbaceous plant .
Lions are carnivores and rabbits are herbivores
Sleeping is not a form of communication .
A fish cannot be used to catch things like a fishing rod
Barbie is known to be kens partner
sharks live in the sea
Whales cannot live on land because their bodies are only equipped to survive in water .
Dolphins do not have feet nor can they slither and cannot breathe for long out of the water so they are not land animals .
It is only possible to swim in water .
building plane is different to learning English
Butterflies and bees are two different species .
soy sauce is not perfect for bread
THE SUN IS NOT A CHICKEN
The earth revolves around the sun
Trees don t have cupboards .
Not everyone enjoys tea .
Bluray players are used to watch movies not to call other people .
You can t charge an apple .
Rocks do not grow out of the ground .
The Golden Gate Bridge is in San Francisco which is not in Egypt
Education is not a person
A tree does not have wheels or a motor
SPOON NEVER GIVE LIGHT IN DARK OUTSIDE
One cannot go swimming on a moving sidewalk .
University life is very rich not limited to sport and recreation .
Passengers do not ride on a snake .
The sheets are laid on the bed for sleeping .
Dog urine is not something you drink
Chickens don t have hair they have feathers .
Yoga does not done in the mustache .
Pillow factories produce pillows they do not sell produce .
People eat durian fruit .
there are no books for selling in a farmers market
Lost mobile phone is a sad thing
Snakes cannot fly .
almost no one will get shorter when growing up
tree has a branch
People can not jump off the tall building safely
Planes are nevver in schools .
Studying is not necessary for breathing .
There is not a future tense form for the verb sing .
Beer cannot be eat .
COUCH NOT PREPAR DINNER
People cannot eat rocks like they can eat jellybeans .
Bear are found inside the forest not in the sea .
vinegar makes coffee too sour to drink
Phone book is not used to watch the favorite show .
Coffee is not a stimulant and is a beverage .
It s impossible for a dog to run in the sky
Eating hot items in winter makes us warm .
younger people is not possible to enroll in middle school
now no one would catch animals for eating by themselves .
Chidren do not carry ther family trees with them
A bowling ball cannot fit inside a butt .
Mangoes are not the same things as bananas .
Fridge s are not used for baking .
You would need very heavy tools to break a rock since rocks are very hard .
Spoons cannot shoot .
High school comes after primary school .
it is impossible to swim in oil
slippers is not necessary to wear during work
You are unable to answer a banana .
Cars are too heavy to wear .
Guns can be used to hurt people and are therefore not beneficial .
Fast food is not good for you .
Leg is not a place to keep the ballon .
Soil is not known to be made of things that have obvious uses for clock production .
nope noise is just noise its annoying actually
no one likes to be ugly
glass is not food that cannot be eaten
Wifi does not have the function of locating
There is never any cheese in a newspaper .
The sentence isn t unproven .
A baby is much smaller than his or her grandma
Teachers worry about the students they care for not relatives of the student .
Spoons are not articles of clothing .
A lighter does not emit the proper signals or waves for communication through calling device .
Paper is a non waterproof item it cannot protect from leaking .
Hockey pucks are not found in driving rsnge .
The fire is warm
a desk is too small to be used for landing for aircraft .
Weddings do not take place in a mother s womb .
The moon is in space orbiting around our planet not on a railway on the Earth .
people need rest when they are not feeling well
Glue will make your hair stick
Cars are too big to drive in rooms .
People cannot talk to goats .
books are not made to eat
A tiger has strips .
A tie can not be used as protection when riding a motorcycle
Shoes are not worn on a person s head .
the planes don t take off in the supermarket
A library is a building not something you cook .
Cinema is not a place to swung from tree to tree .
the ocean do not has roads for cars
People don t eat crab grass .
A dog does not use toothbrush .
plate is used for eating food
A harsh professior is hated by students .
Oak trees don t have gills .
Spaceships are for space not Earth .
Ice and water are two forms of different substances
the day after Friday is Saturday
Wine does not have rock .
He can reach anything high
Windows are non consumable and cannot be eaten
spiders cannot be drank like a liquid .
It is immoral to put a living creature in to a cooking device .
cinema is a place to watch movies not to go swimming
A house is too big to swallow .
Spaceships have astronauts .
Penguins live in Antarctica .
noise wont make anyone happy
Food are made in the oven
Parents are always happy to see their children getting a good grade .
The preferred habitat of polar bears is the annual sea ice covering the waters so they cannot survive in the tropics .
Mayonnaise is meant to be eaten .
It snows in cold weather not in hot weather .
Sheep is very timid it ran away with the little movement of humans .
Stones are heavy and would fall to the ground .
There is no water to wash with on a stove .
A CREDIT CARD WALLET IS SHORTHER AND NARROWER THAN A4 PAPER
Basketball games take place at a basketball court .
My mother s mother is female so she cannot be a grandather which is male .
Whales are too big for fish tanks .
Dogs don t tend to show much interest in catching mice .
Bacteria have no skin organs
You drive a car
3 years old is too young to give birth .
Stars do not have life .
A light bulb does not have the ability to generate energy from pudding .
Bears are wild animals that can harm people and should not be played with as toys .
A wall is not transparent and cannot be seen through .
Driving after drinking is irresponsible and illegal .
Laughing is not the way to rest
Paper towels do not belong in dishwashers .
Gasoline cannot be digested by human digestive system
birds do not hatch from fountain
Love is a pleasant emotion not something to be sad over .
Footballs are used for sports .
Electronics need electricity in order to function .
It is not possible to store shoes in a bottle .
Bananas are not related with the study efforts .
Penguins are much too small for humans to ride .
The continent North America is where the United States is .
Crocodiles are not mammals .
Almost everyone has birthday
Lions cannot live in freezing temperatures .
A doctor s job is not to educate people .
The sun is million of miles a way .
Lettuce is good for you .
There are too many books in the world to read within a year .
People do not live under water .
One does not throws someone to long distances
You can use pads to wash your face .
No couch is 2400 centuries old
Columbus did not create America but was one who found the land .
The Sun is much bigger than all the planets combined .
Severe earthquakes cause destruction and are not something to celebrate .
Stones are solid substances and cannot be poured
A cows leg isn t usually an entree for dinner .
A chair cannot be driven .
there is no roller coaster in the library the amusement park has roller coaster
The moon doesn t shine it only reflects the light from the sun .
Running requires a solid surface .
Water is a liquid so you would sink
A school cannot go in a can
Movies don t play in helmets
People do not cook or eat trash .
Internet is not necessary for survival
A light does no reduce heat .
A baby cannot drive .
Fire will melt a balloon
paper knife isn t used to hold the note and report together well
People having special religion could not eat pork
Trucks do not move at sea .
It is impossible to dig a hole to China .
You can t win people in a lottery
Doors are opened a lot of different ways
water is not hard
When someone is busy it is not the ideal time to ask some questions
Crocodiles do not have hands to hold chopsticks .
Ginger is not consumed through the eyes .
Presdients are actually required to have a vice President to share the work load and it gives the chance for more opinions to be brought up on situations .
Wood is not a living thing .
Apartment complexes are too large to fit in a filing cabinet .
Wheels are round not squared .
Baby birds have wings not arms .
Human eyelids naturally close when they are asleep
Footballs cannot be drunk .
Dogs are not bipedal .
Netherlands and dutch are same and she spoke french .
Elephant is much bigger than the drawer
Pineapples are not something that can be ridden .
One dives into water at a pool not at the seaside but if one is afraid of water one never dives .
bullets are loaded into guns
You can t sleep in a tree
horrible things cast a psychological shadow
There are no oils in apples .
The tomato is completely different from the potato
Hanger cannot be sated to live .
Lions are vicious and I don t think you would be carrying one around .
A gorilla doesn t fit in the oven
Bacteria is too microscopic to be able to visibly dig out or into ears .
Rule of football is not to play by hand .
pen is not a hand to type
A teeth does not get ill due to brushing .
mouth is on baby s top .
Indoors and outdoors can enjoy .
Swimsuit is a dress material which cannot be used in rainy days .
Dogs are much larger than flowers .
IDAHO DOESN T HAVE A HOTEL
You cannot paint computer games
Gambling is not known to improve health
Wolves are wild animals and potentially dangerous to humans .
dogs and hippos do not share habitats
Microsope can see tiny things
Lazy people can t succeed
Cloth bags are woven with thread and absorb water .
Toys are objects .
Tigers cannot be kept at home .
cookies can damage in moist place
Toilets are not cold enough to freeze soup
Advertisements can only be played on broadcasting medium whereas dog is not such a media .
PUMPKINS IS GROWTH ON ONLY SEED NOT FROM TREE
Pluto is much too cold to sustain human life .
There are no hair stylists and hair equipment in a restaurant
Meanness usually elicits unpleasant feelings in the recipient .
Uninhabited island don t have railway
spoons to not have teeth to brush hair with .
A fish would create a stink if put into the toaster .
A war causes soldiers to leave home .
Pupils are not allowed to drive .
Giraffe is much bigger than the oven .
Tomatoes grow in a bush
He doesn t love math if he is bad at it
The moon reflects rays from the sun and does not transmit UV rays itself .
Yellow and Red are primary colors while Green is not .
You can not write with desks .
Bicycle is a vehicle
A horse has no wings and cannot fly .
Air cannot be clean by the shower .
sunshine can t be seen at night
Crocodile can not be hugged .
Tyre change shops have tools to change tyres .
Terrorism will destroy world peace
Man cannot be a violin
Fish need water to live .
My cat is not immortal thats not possible .
Circles do not have corners .
You go to the swimming pool to swim
Trains do not travel through water .
Raccoons don t actually read books .
Bottles are to hold liquid .
STONES IS NOT A CHILDREN
Bees are not used to walking . Instead they have wings to fly .
Fathers are older than their sons not vice versa .
Every human on earth has red blood .
Contest cannot be read .
Flowers have smells walls don t
Adults are prohibited from attending school as students .
A mall is not a place to go hiking .
A dog cannot play badminton because it has no hands
Refrigerators can t heat bread .
Insurance companies do not perform renovations .
The sun sets in the evening and not in the morning .
A theater does not have doctor or medical equipment
Nutrients cannot be stored in stones
Hippos cannot fly .
Sand would only get in the swimming pool in very small amounts .
there is no tree in the cinema for him to swing
Wood boards are made from wood .
Fishing is done in water bodies and not to the diners .
If one don t know how to solve a problem they cannot answer it
Remote controls are used to adjust settings during the operation of electronics .
no one can live near a volcano .
Christmas is celebrated by Christians .
restaurants don t serve bleach
A book can explain how to barbecue but it cannot itself .
spaceship stays in the space not soup
The snowy winter is very cold and short sleeves are not enough to keep out the cold
Stone is a thing which cannot eat by the cow .
A stove is for cooking
you cannot write the sky
Ice cubes are very cold .
Sandals have lots of holes in
An ocean is too large to fit inside of a whale
impossible to drink with a fork
Backpacks cannot take selfies .
You do not have to drink alcoholic beverages to quench your thirst .
A car is a vehicle and a cat is a common household pet
Grass only grow on land .
Milkshake is for drinking .
The sun cannot literally be inside a classroom .
squirrel is not a golfer
The brain s purpose is to think
Birthday does not celebrate in the supermarket .
Bike is not something to cross the river .
people go to seep at night and wake in the morning
rabbits do not climb trees
the Sun revolves around its own axis
In general people don t go into fridges in the first place .
Strawberries grow on bushes not on trees .
Cows don t produce gold .
dead doesn t happen to butter
The thunder happens after lightning always in the nights
A person does not use a ship to play a piano
Screw cannot ate by the worker .
Factories will not intervene the local weather
Hair is not something that can be cut with knife .
Watching paint dry takes hours and is boring to watch .
Shirts are worn to look good not to see things
Notes are not usually written on a leaf .
Plants are not musical instruments and you can t play music with one .
You don t drink beer out of a dog
Iron is not food and would not attract fish to it .
A football is not used in baseball .
Oil will not do anything to stop fires .
Books are inanimate objects .
Mother s want to be remembered on their birthday .
You can not black the sun .
Petrol is harmful to swim in .
Vegetable oil is not used to make cars run .
Airplanes are not food and cannot be cooked .
Omelettes are not made with oatmeal .
Knives do not fall from the sky .
A grocery store does not sell trucks
People put things in boxes for easy transportation while moving
robot do not need to eat food
The helmet can not be used to listen to music but the headphones can
YOU SHOULD USE A SPOON TO EAT SOUP BECAUSE A FORK CAN T HOLD LIQUID .
People cannot fit in refrigerators .
The leader of the catholic religion is the Pope .
The speed of the subway is not limited by the traffic flow faster than the bus
There are no aliens anywhere on earth .
You can not use your bike to watch video
People cannot drive and fly at the same time .
Humans don t eat cat food .
A cold doesn t always cause a fever .
Balls cannot throw .
pen is an object to write and cannot illuminate
Sewers don t have enough clean water and heat for creating a cloud .
A basin is used to hold small amounts of water and is incapbale of holding large animals .
The wind cannot pass through the closed window .
A room is too small to go running .
A busy is to heavy for a boy to hold .
The tank can t fly
Public spaces is not suitable for making love
The earth can not be in the shape of a table .
Kitchen drawers are not large enough for a sword
Aeroplanes are too large to eat and are made of metal which is inedible .
Penguins do not live in Africa
If you capture prisoners they surrender to you .
a dog cannot fit in a jar
Buying plastic bottle is not a crime in Germany to pay a penalty for it .
liver is a part of body so it is impossible to sunbathe and frolic in the liver
A watch has a face not a head .
A dog does not have wings nor the ability to fly
Chicken is not a human being that one can love .
you don t write with a spoon
FEATHER IS WEIGHTLESS
People don t celebrate earthquakes .
You cannot turn on the moon
A stapler is for connecting papers not for writing on them
Books do not have feelings or crushes .
China has more territory than Japan
SCHOOL DOESN T PLACE FOR PLANES
Whales can t really be ridden on land .
hands never watch tv show
When it bleeds it only oozes red color blood not blue .
There is no water for a boat in the sky .
A birthday card is an inappropriate way to address a divorce .
Work does not make money .
It is not possible to dance to cello
Cinema is the place where they show movies
Smoking cigarettes is unhealthy .
People will lie at some point in their lives .
No sale of chairs in the electronics store
Dogs can t feed people
Wildlife will not survive in cities
People always want to be artists not musicians when they are pleased with their painting .
Sugar is a food material that would be easily dissolvable .
train usually stops in railway station
FRUITS CONTAIN MORE VITAMINS SO ITS GOOD FOR HEALTH
Running requires more energy than walking .
Stone cannot be planted
iron bars do not generate heat to cause a fire
Bread is not used in any known methods of opening a door .
Birds are unable to write .
Birds fly when they need to move fast .
Self denial will make people feel bad all the times
I ve seen plenty of rabbits in the last few years .
summer is one of the climate
Spaceship does not have the windows .
game is dependent on time only
Humans can not be planted
Gym is a place where we cannot buy clothes .
Dogs are not capable of writing
it is impossible to cross one s arms over the street .
Estrogen is a hormone found in women .
Sisters are born to the family not won .
Wrench is used for mechanical work and is non consumable
You cannot use a water slide to get a baby to the park
Concrete cannot grow but plants and grass can .
Making a boat requires material that can float on the water
the curb is much heavier to take
Drinking kerosene would kill a person .
A house is much larger than a pill .
Failure to work as a team reduces efficiency
Pineapples come from pineapple plants that are planted in the ground
Pen is not a vehicle to travel to places
The eyes cannot do the actions of putting on the shoes
Vinegar will make coffee more bitter and acidic .
you don t wear a hat on your ass
An antelope is an animal not a boat .
Stones can be used afterwards without keeping in fridge
bear does not eat pink food
Patients should not have access to the stock of medicine
Sound is heard or sensed by ears .
Planting seeds doesn t get you an oil change .
Hurricanes are swirling masses of air and water and not sand and smoke and can t start on land .
Bathrooms come equipped with mirrors only
Sea is too big and cannot be wasted .
The remote control has no interface for charging the mobile phone .
A camera has not effect on whether or not your phone screen will break if you drop it .
You cannot go inside a mirror
Monkeys cannot climb on air as it has no shape .
Drinking sulfurous acid would kill a person so if he did it once he wouldn t be able to do it again .
Sandpaper will ruin the paint on the car
Girl cannot play on the cat .
A skyscraper is too large to run over by a car .
the plane is too large to be put on the machine
Flights will not land in metro station
Cats and dogs are separate animal types .
Dyed means color was changed . Died means something is no longer alive .
Milk drinks do not contain carbonic acid
Forks are not sharp enough to cut bread .
Trees do not have hands
Apples are different than peanuts .
An animal is not an object that can be prepared
button is much smaller
Rabbits are found on land not in water .
gasoline is fuel
A swear is a bad word
Oil is not necessary for bicycles .
A dog is a different type of animal
The sales price of gold doesn t depend on its temperature
Tiger s body can t shrink
Seeds need water in order to grow into a living organism .
Movies are not shown at the hospital .
A car is to bog to fit in luggage
two meters are too short to walk .
Dolphins do not have hands to comb hair with .
potatoes is not a soldiers
We cannot walk on the water .
Winning the scholarship means the recognition of your achievements
Cotton is fabric not food
a top is too large to fit into a baby s mouth
Socks are for wearing and not reading .
Teachers do not work at hotels .
You will fall into the lake if you try to walk on it .
Wearing a helmet is not conducive to sleeping in beds .
The ocean does not usually change yellow .
A tree cannot run .
Some women never have children .
Man is a social animal
there s no male princess
A brick can not call anyone
Blankets do not have words that can be read .
Giraffes cannot be parked .
A mattress tag would not help her prepare for the upcoming quiz
The Himalayas it s too cold and has no food
An anvil is much too heavy to play catch with .
sharks cannot be found in the grass .
whales do not fit in fishbowls
The cleaner is not an occupation needs to travel abroad a lot but the diplomat is
The color purple is comprised of the two primary colors Red and blue . Brown and Teal make an entirely different color
the Make up box is used to put the cosmetics .
YOU WOULD EXAMINE A THING BECAUSE IT IS COMPLEX
Nightingale have less features of elephant
Ambulances don t take people to coffee shops .
A cow does not have wings .
Animals cannot photograph only people .
Tigers live in the wild
A cow has no wings .
Sn hour does not consist of fie days
Zebra cannot be put on the washing machine .
Depressed people are not usually happy .
Dirt cannot be made
A horse is much larger than a wallet .
Coffee helps people stay awake and will not help sleeping
Thete is no star pattern in a Japanese flag .
MOUNT EVEREST IS TALLER THAN MOUNT FUJI
Zebras do not hunt lions they are hunted by lions .
Smoke more will harmful to health
Food is not alive so it can t eat anything
Boxes are not designed for flight .
cook work in hotel or some other cooking places
Buying water will not affect the air quality
Fish can t talk
you don t rent cars from a library .
Letters cannot be mailed from the bottom of the ocean
Wearing clothes in the shower makes it very hard to get clean and gets your clothes wet .
cleaner clears the office not working on taxes
Snails only get one shell that grows with them throughout their lives .
Wood is not living and can not read .
No trees can grow on the sun
Dogs do not walk humans .
A movie theater is to see a movie for a temporary amount of time .
a building wouldn t fit in a car .
PhDs are college degrees .
BAbies are incabable of wielding a weapon
Cave cannot ate by a man .
Amniotic fluid only exists in the mother s body
when people are asleep they cannot eat dinner
She cannot use an apple to change the television channel .
Highway is a place where the tricycle does not run .
Tigers are carnivorous .
Forests are not always covered with snow .
Steak is not sea food .
Nail is not a small piece of metal which is inserted into a lock and turned to open or close it
A cat can t brush someone s hair .
People can learn from their mistakes and not repeat them
Spoons can not cut hair .
Pitaya contains betaine which is red but not black
Roosters do not lay eggs every day .
You cannot boil water in or on a fridge .
moon is outer of our earth
HEAT PREVENTS BACTERIA NOT HELPS
A chess player can drink beer in a pub and only water in a stone .
There are no penguins on the Artic
Dead people can t do anything any more .
People should pay for an upgrade of the seat
Guinea pigs woiuld crush if you sat on them .
A purse is too small for a giraffe to be in .
Surgery does not fall .
Trees are too large to smoke
Ice makes things cold .
Giraffes do not have wings .
Vegetable soup does not have chicken to eat .
calculator used for calculation
Computer games are for playing .
WE CANT DRIVE CAR ON THE WATER
Kerosene is poisonous to humans .
THERE ARE PEOPLES ENOUGH TO BREATH .
the heliocentric theory explains that the sun cannot turn around the earth
Gloves on the hands instead of the feet
You need lots of energy to dance
Your body gets rid of extra liquid through the bladder .
There is only 24 hours in a day .
The lion is stronger than the cat .
Fridge is not a place to do exercise .
Everyone knows that their are not many buildings in a forest its always lots of trees .
People usually play football on the football field and basketball on the basketball court
Cats don t bark .
Shoes are used for feet .
Pyjamas can only be worn at home . It s not appropriate to wear it to work .
The washer can wash clothes instead of cooking
Bread machine are used to make bread coffee can be made in the coffe machine only .
It would make a person feel very hot if he drinks hot wster in summer .
A smile is a friendly gesture not fierce at all .
Pacifists are peaceful
The car is too big for the kitchen sink .
A grenade does not move once it explodes .
Water has no warming effect .
shoes cannot sit on the ceiling
A hamster cannot be inserted into a gun .
One cannot walk through a closed door .
There are no potatos in the sky but there are stars
Some rackets are too small to play tennis with .
Human hair does not turn red but turn white under natural conditions
Dog is not a vehicle to drive away
brick is a stone
There is no airport in the hotel .
Looms are used for weaving fabric and have nothing to do with programming .
A lukewarm stove would not burn his hand
If wheels were square they would could not roll .
Usually sun comes down at evening
Tigers are ground animals that cannot fly .
Jumping and bouncing in the elevator may result in malfunction .
earrings no need to wear to go to a restaurant
The mouse doesn t have any keys to enter data .
Ostriches are too big to fit in a microwave .
The tsunami would wash away people s homes not help them find it
recycled Medical supplies can harm human s health .
Mall is a shopping area and moneys are restricted to enter
mirror is flat it cannot hold anything
There isn t a pool in every home .
It s absurd to have a galaxy
Pens do not contain larger objects
glass is brakable
10 liters of water cannot be drank .
Atomic bombs do not belong to animals
WIFI SIGNAL IS USED FOR COMMUNICATION AND ON LINE PURPOSES NOT FOR TEETH
Fighting does not resolve conflict .
A vegetable market does not sell shoes .
A person cannot physically ran a train
A year has does not have twenty months .
couches are not edible
The breeze has no substance and can t be seen .
A bracelet is only worn on your wrist
Grocery stores cannot repair computers .
There cannot be sparrows in the lake because bird cannot swim like a fish can
The sun isn t out at night .
REFRIGERATOR IS NOT A CORN
soup is uncountable .
Weijun can only have one father
Too much exercise makes people lose focus and lead to injuries
FRANCE NOT IN NORTH AMERICA
Carbon is in the air .
The sun sets in the West
Ice melts when temperature rises .
Couches are inedible
People wont get electricity from market cannot be brought in kilograms
A dog cannot survive on the moon .
CONCRETE IS VERY STRONG
Grass grows outside not on beds .
School is a place to learn
Fires destroy woods they don t spare them
Nurse is not a person to moan in the garden .
the plane does not fly in the ocean
You can not defrost a chicken using a lighter because the heat generated is too small and focuses on only one part of the chicken .
salad is made up of only vegetables not animals .
Plastic is too hard for a comfortable pillow
Food is not served at toll booths .
Colours don t make sound .
A kitchen is for dining while a bathroom is for personal care .
Humidity is the amount of water in the atmosphere .
We don t throw a person from one city to another .
9 p .m . is in the evening not afternoon
Elephant are not kept as pets
The universe isn t a tangible reward .
A pie is soft .
We can t swim in the rain .
A sword wont fit in an atm .
A pig is too heavy for a boy to throw and inhumane
There is no place to sit and relax a a stove .
A colander would sink because of the holes .
Platypuses do not have metamorphosis cycles .
Saturn is not the earth s only natural satellite .
a fridge keeps things cold and does not make bread
It does not make sense for parents to punish their children for succeeding because they naturally want them to do well .
You cannot cross the ocean on a train .
Doctors examine people not fruit
texting is not helping win a war
People can eat dumplings every time they want
To store snacks jars containers are used not washing machine .
Walking outside when there is a tornado is dangerous
Only girls can be a princess .
We usually like to be around nice people because we avoid being angry
Jobs don t typically pay employees with soup .
A plane is too big and high to shoot down .
the robber will be sent to prison instead of library .
Nobdy can always stay awake unless have rich sleeping time
Respecting someone does not always mean that you are compassionate towards them .
People don t normally eat chalk
A person cannot fit in a steering wheel .
Seawater cannot be absorbed by the body
You can t buy a new galaxy
One does not play an airplane
BLUE AND YELLOW PAINT COMBINATION MAKE A GREEN COLOR
a cat is not a vehicle to be driven
Dolphins do not know to comb
sugar is sweet
The sun is circular in shape not square .
Ice is cold .
People do not have pet days because people do not act like pets for periods of their life .
Loofahs are not living organisms .
no one can be excited after staying up
Cats can not do yard work
Fridges are cold you can t bake in them
Gold occurs naturally .
a gun is banned to be taken into school .
The definition of weightlifter is someone who lifts objects of varying mass without objects weights you can not be a weightlifter .
ROCK NOT PRESENT IN CLASS
Spoon is a kitchen utensil
SHOES SUITABLE FOR FEET
A rubber doesn t make a mark .
Cows don t fly therefore they don t have wings
Helicopters cant be driven
Basketball is played with hands only .
An e mail is a soft copy of a mail which cannot be put in an envelope .
Koala is Australia s national treasures .
junk food is high in fats and carbohydrates which contribute to weight gain and cardiomyopathies
Fire can make wood burn
Gunpowder burns very fast
A freezer is too cold to sleep in
To cut the things we need sharp tools like knife scissor etc .
china and australia are separated by ocean
cloud is not a biting thing it s too high on the sky .
Computer skills are one of the most sought after skills by employers
rotten food smells terrible
A watch is not alive and does not need to expel waste in a litter box .
Spring is not a type of cake .
DUCK IS NOT A SPARROW
Gravity will make the apple fall from the tree .
Water is good for kids so the spirit containing too much water would not make it unsuitable for kids .
the color of the sky can t be green
house is not a living thing to ran
A family cannot live in a table .
comedy movies make you happy
Toilets are not cold enough to freeze soup .
If you put metal cans in a microwave it will ruin it
Light bulb is a thing which cannot used to communicate .
Cats don t eat the nails
Vinegar doesn t make a meal more salty .
the use of flash will destroy the fresco
Restaurants serve only food item not textile item like Carpets .
A baby cannot eat a table .dinners
Bricks are too hard to eat
Schools don t have bungee jumping
Radio s are only for listening .
Cars are not edible .
beer cans are made of metal
river is not a parking place
Doctors do not arrest people
paper is not a drinking vessel its purpose is different
Cucumbers are not at concerts .
You drink liquids .
Muffin is food and not a medical instrument .
Spaceship is needed for the journey in space .
I do not need to wash up the quilt myself
People feel relaxed during a vacation not stressed .
Dogs do not eat rats .
HE USES MONEY TO BUY THE BALL
The human eye does not see in a spectrum required to easily view objects in darkness .
Babies cannot crawl at birth
Toasters are not alive and cannot eat .
A water bottle is not a day of the week .
Grass can be cut but a radio should not be cut .
Supermarkets are not big enough for cars to drive inside .
Plants does not need poison to live .
a bank deals with money not milk .
It is easy to damage a new machine if we tamper with it by ourselves .
Arsenic cyanide and lye are deadly and cannot be eaten .
not found foot food
The sky can never be green in color
breathing is a innate ability
You may get fat for many reasons not just eating junk food .
Detergent is used to wash clothes not to make food but the baking powder is used for food
A family practice doctor gives a physical examination .
Organic litter is a smelling trash because it has already been used and it is rotting
Playing a game can never result in becoming the game .
staying up late makes people very tired the next day
A car does not run on air .
To listen music ear phone is required and to charge a mobile charger is required .
Spoon cannot be used to travel .
You can t walk through doors .
if he already had the answer he wouldn t need to ask his classmates .
Soap does not cut hair .
oranges have the color orange
Usually people use a ball of some sort to play basketball
Watermelons grow on vines on the ground not in trees .
Lemonade is not spicy unless something spicy is added to it .
desert has no water to do swimming .
Water does not contain oil
The right shoe is not made to fit the left foot .
A leopard is much faster than a runner .
Cats don t eat wood chips .
Coale can be someone s first name .
The C in front a U is always has a hard pronunciation .
Dogs will never be as large as a giraffe .
Brass instruments are not kept on the playground .
Novels and short exams are not the same thing .
MP3 are not cellphones
Most people male or female have hair .
sunshine time is longer in summer than winter
Condensation does not remove the hydrogen from the water molecule .
Hospitals are a terrible place for children .
Stone is not a place to go by john .
The school curriculum is not a thing to took the lunch money .
Only owner could price the goods
Walking is the slowest way of traffic
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Broccoli is a plant
Flowers are grown on trees which have roots within the ground .
Bees do not eat meat of any kind they are not carnivores .
You cannot deposit salaries into a house
Movies about comic books are very popular .
Sam can look or touch a lectern but unless it has a microphone with a speaker she would have a hard time hearing it .
A bird is too weaktp catch a cat .
Stones are too hard to be pricked .
Fire is not edible
Playing piano is not a strenuous workout
Nails can t be eaten
Cars cannot walk .
School is a place not to watch movies .
T shirts are to be worn .
A bandage covers a spot after you have been given an injection but it is not pointy and can not give an injection .
A tiger is too strong to be caught in a flytrap .
Famers can t sow in winter because nothing will grow .
The library does not offer the service of borrowing money .
A ficus wouldn t grow well in an internet bar
a whale would not fit in a fishbowl
An ocean is a mass of water and cannot support tree life .
Warts are not caused by impacts with objects .
Printer ink is not edible .
toy needed batteries not outlet
The army consists in human beings . potatoes are not humans .
A cat is an animal a electric fan is not .
Chocolates are an inanimate object .
Washing machines cannot be ridden .
Coffee has caffeine which prevents sleep .
Sentient beings have feelings .
You can use multiple utensils to eat noodles .
Recovering alcoholics stay completely sober .
Tile can t feel happiness
the boxing ring does not allow cats
This act would be very stupid and dangerous .
Teddy bear is a toy .
Clocks can t be lazy .
Working hard should not lead to poverty .
the number of days in a year is fixed
The right to have protest demonstration is a reflection of the equality
Excellent work does not get you fired .
erasers are for paper not your face
Adam can not took the dinosaurs to the park .
Jupiter will not shine
In the ice cream shop do not sell medicine
Sharks living under water
A plane must land on a runway .
banana trees have bananas not cupboards
It is impossible for susie to eat hair .
laughing is not a way to take a rest
turning the heater on will cause the insider temperature higher
Clouds don t have hands to push
Semi trucks can only be driven by adults
A microwave has no ink you can use to write .
people always don t eat food when they are full
Usually you would say they stacked the buckets
Ant is an insect which is only small .
laziness may lead to failure
It is prohibited to ride a goat since that is animal violence
Dogs do not fit in blu ray players .
Rail tracks are not suitable for spacecraft
Donkeys are too large to be stored in fridges .
The moon is in outer space .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
soy sauce is a liquid material .
The man is much bigger than the pig .
Mountains are huge and immobile .
Stones are rough and hard .
People cannot eat rocks .
Snow falls from clouds that form in the outer atmosphere .
Giraffes cannot fit in cars .
One goes to the gym to exercise .
Water soaks and destroys paper .
All homes do not have pools
NO ONE JOG IN THE MALL
They fall off the trees in autumn .
People can jump into water but not on water
roof is not for parking
Donkey are not driven .
Cleveland is a city not a state .
Toothbrushes are manufactured by industry
Leaves cannot be written upon .
Books aren t sharp enough to cut cakes .
people go to comedy show to be happy and laugh not to cry
Stone is too heavy to build ships out of .
a teacher can teach many students so there are usually more teachers
Planes have more power than high speed trains
we cannot write on pencil but with pencil
Unicorns don t exist .
Stones are rocks and cannot cook .
You cannot run through a hot ball of gas
Tax revenue is used locally to help people .
LAKES IS BIGGER THAN KITCHEN
jeep is too large to be covered by butter
If you destroy something it is not usable . You would give something you destroyed .
Iron man doesn t have the equipment to shoot spider silk
Water is anti thetical to kite flying .
Pears are found on pear trees .
A garage does not have the tools equipment or personnel to take care of a cat .
Bears are land animals incapable of flight .
All visions not possible for nearsighted
The summer cannot store water .
Submarines are for underwater not space .
YOU ARE VERY LIKELY TO FIND A TIGER IN THE JUNGLE .
Car cannot ate by him .
Dinosaurs don t exist anymore
Bees are not butterfly larvae
pork grease would make the house even more dirty .
LeBron is a well known iconic basketball player .
The first planet is Mercury
Belt is a fashion accessory
Sally uses perfume to get ready for work .
SLEEPING IS FOR GETTING REST .
The bed are used for people to sleep on
A car cannot drive to the moon .
books do not have hour or minute hands to keep time
Washing powder would be ineffective at stopping bleeding
Shoes are not shaped to fit on hands
Don t grow taller by starving .
the senve holidays to get out of the stress
boys always don t wear skirts
Humans need water to survive .
A battle tank is much larger than a car .
A caterpillar is too small to eat a dog
Farmers are can t plant people because they are to big
Harbors are located in oceans and seas .
Flowers grow outside .
Everyone in every country breathes every day .
You do not need to be protected by the sun when it is not out .
He writes on paper
Driving doesn t count for environmentally friendly
Bed sheets are not meant to mop floors
The presence of enough people doesn t indicate that one can sit in the train .
One would wait for a bus at a bus station and a train at a train station not a train at a bus station .
A book shelf doesn t fit in a poket
You say good night when you go to sleep
Stones are not alive so they cannot be a brother .
You and your opponents are enemies and cannot work together
snakes are unable to fly
turltles crawl very slowly
knife is use for cutting vegetables .
ocean has more water than swimming pool
Ice cream parlor don t sell Remedio .
Ponds are too small for dolphins .
It will do harm to their eyesight if they spend too much time in front of a screen .
bycibles are not pets
Sugar pills will increase sugar level and this will led to cause some serious diseases .
Bullets cannot be blocked by cotton padding of any type .
A house does not have actual living friends .
People don t go to the doctor when they re healthy
I was born earlier than my little sister
A blender cannot be used to purchase something .
Pigeon mail does not use for travel .
an elephant is too large for a bedroom
The President commands the Military .
Increase in retirement pay means more money for old people
The charger can t play music .
The sun shines outdoors .
Cars are not able to be worn .
fan in winter causes more coldness
A hippopotamus is too big to fit into a car .
The sun speaks without a mouth .
People can not stand on the surface of the water
mostly park doesn t has subway
Horse can t climb
honey water is not used to bathe .
you can t go through a glass curtain wall
Turning up the volume only makes the music louder
Mosquitoes do not eat the same food as people
Money is not kept in a key .
Water resources are scarce in Tibetan areas and the Tibetan people save water very much .
people who are allergic to nuts can eat meat
Remotes are used to switch on TV not to be put in TV
Dog breeds classified as "large " are far too big to fit in handbag .
Cant be mad at someone for soing a food job
Water drops fall down to the earth and cannot be transported by air
people sleep at night not morning
You don t play baseball with sandwiches
Fingers are permanent body parts .
Painters don t know how to take care of animals .
Hair cannot be scraped like flesh .
CLOTH IS WEARABLE
A tie is worn around one s neck .
If an island is deserted it would generally not contain inhabitants to exchange money with .
Piano keys cannot used to type .
People use fireplaces to stay warm and avoid coldness .
Banana peels do not have monetary value .
Unicorns do not exist and would not be seen at a zoo .
Pizza isn t suitable for drinking coffee .
BAND IS NOT A STATE
A jungle cannot be transported .
the grass is under the tree and much shorter than the tree
People don t eat screws
It is impossible to take a sunbath at night .
A person is too slow to race a horse .
Nail polish is poisonous .
A train is driven by a train driver .
nobody can play piano by mouth
You do not fish in a supermarket .
Marriage isn t legal at 2 years old .
A person is too big to sleep on a tv
A hospital is a place of business not a place to play
Bullfighters can t fight grass as they are not agressieve by it
calculator is a mathematical device and cannot take picture
Unlikely you will find a cook wowrking in the library
Some medicines are bitter
Cats eat rats .
stones aren t food
There some people are seeking knowledge
Dogs are too big do fit in a microwave .
drinking water does not impair one s ability to drive
there s only 12 months in a year
A teddy is a things which has no life .
Boys can not throw pigs
Hand luggage is too small to drive a car into and is a transportable container .
nobody would eat tomato from the dirt .
Arsenic is poisonous .
the dentists job is treat our teeth not ears
Bars serves alcoholic drinks and food
grass can wither not break .
tigers do not metamorphasize
Speakers would broadcast the sound
Contact lens are clear and are hard to find when dropped .
Roses are not chickens
a thimble is small and has holes
paper doesn t has sharpness for cutting
no high speed trains can be driven off the ground
People usually walk faster when they are in a hurry
Dinosaurs are extinct
A credit card is not fishing gear
A desert is dry .
Jelly is not a building material .
The sun is in the sky .
Munchkins are found over the rainbow .
it is physically impossible to fit a planet in my bedroom .
Lotion does not prevent a person from getting rained on rather lotion helps with dry skin .
child labor is often frowned upon
Wine is not suitable for children
Some materials can not be placed in the microwave oven for heating
A fridge is not usually bought at a bar .
People us fridges to preserve food and not in organic things like electronics .
clothes cannot be hanged in the oven
Human beings are not able to fly without tools
The soap it s a chemical product if you eat it you ll get in trouble for healty issue
You can t read a shoe
Juice is a liquid substance that can t produce by the cow .
China is to far to dig a hole to .
Ice cream is eatable by human beings chairs are not
Donuts are food .
no one can eat lunch on the ceiling
We pu shoes on feet not hat .
Sun cannot revolve around the Earth .
The paper absorbs water and water leaks out .
Non living things can t speak only they can produce sound after hitting some other objects .
One may be able to go for a short time without eating cannot go for a month with no food .
Babies are too small to drive .
Water is not stored or measured in squares .
Pies do not have sholders .
Houses do not have legs and are not alive .
You can t put anything in a baby
An oven is used to cook food
Not every animal is aggressive some are docile and friendly .
Stepping in a puddle would only make your feet wet so would have no impact on pants .
you drive with a car
Violation of the statute will be punished .
His mother would be disappointed by his failure .
A stapler is not something that you can write with .
Cat s cannot breath in the fridge .
People who do not have money become homelessness
myopia glasses are not good protection against the strong light
Stoves cannot be cooked .
summer is not cold .
Dressing very messy is disturbing but very nice is not .
Burglars are banned from our society because they eliminate the things we have worked hard for
Trees are typically much taller than rose bushes .
The library does not serve dinner it has books .
PLANE ONLY WENT TO INNER SPACE
Success comes from talent and dedication .
One can not go out and then go out immediately
Politicians deal with politics they are not doctors .
Butterflies drown if their wings get wet .
Taking a shower in overly hot water would cause a person to get scaled .
Cars weigh too much to be carried .
Roller skates cannot be used in the snow .
A smile often denotes pleasure and friendship .
A BED IS USED FOR SLEEPING PURPOSE
Extension cords are inedible .
Parrots can t read .
A house is typically a stationary kind of thing .
Frostbite is from cold temperatures like ice .
Rocks are not food .
when we can t accomplish our task independently we can choose to ask for help
Everyone does not get off a train at once .
Einstein made a great contribution to the cause of physics .
Apple is a commercial brand .
You can t get soup from a job interview
no one can predict future
One cannot be inside of a microwave .
Strawberries grow in bushes .
The purpose of sandpaper is to smooth wood or other material thus it s not suitable for wiping your ass
The cat has no wings and can t fly
Pools are for swimming and not for depositing cash
Pluto is to far to ride a car to .
a mirror is not a tool for brushing a teeth
Horses do not live in water
you can t cover the entire phone
sand is not a food
Jelly is sticky and doesn t have cleaning power .
petrol is highly flamable
cinema is not place for take a treatment
shelf is used to hold books
A mouse cannot own things and mouse in a context with computers is a different thing
Chips are larger than bugs and cannot contain them .
no one eat volleyballs
A scale is used for measuring weight .
A brick cannot connect with TV .
Tractors can not fly
Milk is not an instrument that can be played
missing the deadline is a depressing thing
Milk does not belong in the freezer .
coca cola has high fructose corn syrup which has sugar in it
no one can drive two cars at the same time .
captain is a person .
A pharmacy does not mail letters .
A competetion has too much tension for celebration
Stones are too hard to grow trees
Cars are not big enough to have swimming pools in them .
24 hours a day in the sun will make your skin burn .
Hair is not meant to be eaten
Ships can only sail on water not into space .
dogs don t roar
Rhinosaurus cannot bought .
A driveway is not used to wipe anything
Salads are healthy food .
Aurora can only occur in the polar regions but not at the equator
People enjoy performances by watching it .
A lemon is a solid color .
Opponents are against each other .
You may pay to use a pool but it is not a place to have an account for depositing money .
Trains cant feel emotions
You cannot walk on a lake .
Tasks has no taste spicy or otherwise unless the task is to eat food .
Steel nails would make it uncomfortable and will injure you .
Turtles do not have horns they have shells .
You cannot add to ten and still equal ten .
Firefighter s do not cut hair .
You should stop eating if you are full .
Opening a window will make it more windy .
Key does not contain anything .
Apples don t produce an odor or vapor potent enough to make someone cry .
Pens are way too small to fit a person in them .
Vanilla has a specific scent
Water is a liquid and can t be synthesized
Refrigerators don t cook food
Everybody likes people who encourage them .
Whales live in the sea
You can not fly a plane in space
Dogs are not able to use scissors or cut hair .
Grass is not a barrier to stop people .
Monet has many valuable paintings
December is the last month .
gasoline is a liquid
Magic doesn t exist .
A kid would not want tablets
Rubber is a material that would not make a good mouse .
Ships are found in the water
French fries contain hardly any nutritional value to begin with .
Spitting is viewed as gross .
toilet doesn t has eggs
A car can t fit in your pocket .
Coffee is a stimulant used to increase alertness so people don t drink it to sleep .
rail doesn t show correct path
Disease prevents brilliant moments .
Rice is a food therefore it cannot be open
A mechanic fixes cars .
Behaving like a devil is not the way to meet new friends .
Everyone near the speaker can hear the sound of it
Phones are produced in a factory .
A cooker is meant for cooking
It s not safe to drink waste water .
Shopping mall is not where students study .
Pig is not allowed to be in a class
POST CARD IS NOT SUITABLE FOR OFFICIAL MANNER
Male will not lay egg .
Cultural relics are usually kept in museums .
It s hard for a person to share something with someone he hates .
It doesn t snow frequently in summer in many places .
Elephants don t have long necks .
Being admitted to a good university is something that would make Peter happy .
Blue whale is very heavy
To make a pie correctly you have to bake it .
Ketchup is messy .
Naked people don t walk around .
a pelican cannot lift a man
people do not use car to take off make up
Shark canno walk .it can only swim
Any Human does not have blue skin .
National papers don t write about small local items .
Shoes are hard and can not be folded up but shirts can
Dirt will not make your hands clean
Eggplants are a food you eat .
A toothbrush is used for teeth not hair .
Humans marry humans and not animals .
You don t smile when you get angry .
Water is essential for life .
a straw is not an electronic device
Grapes do not have apple skin .
People show the proof of their age but not their bodies when buying a wine
The mall cannot drive .
loudspeakers make a disturbance to other employees
Headphones are wear only on heads not in hands .
Losing an important file wouldn t please a boss .
Studying abroad will expand and expose you to new knowledge .
no one can eat brickstone
Pickles are not an ingredient used in banana bread .
Stone does not have the life characteristics of chicken
People can not take shelter in a piano because it is too small .
The ostrich raced across the road and into the field
Oxygen is not a product of condensation .
A book is not a form of transportation .
Turning on the tap does not save water
Rain doesn t make one sweat it makes one wet .
THE BUS IS NOT A BOY TO RODE TO SCHOOL
You can t be buried in a computer .
Humans do not eat mud .
Wood is not a food
Mice cannot perform computer tasks .
Log can t run as it is a non living thing
When face cream is wiped away the face cannot be protected from sunlight .
Bread does not contain gold
Paper is not edible .
Dishwasher is not a place to put the clothes .
You don t see a dentist if your problem is not with your teeth
Violence cannot pay for products and services .
box is much smaller than the car .
Through is not the proper word use .
A library is where you go to read . It does not have the ability equipment staff to take care of prisoners .
Fences are not alive and therefore cant have brances to grow leaves .
Oranges do not make sounds .
Vitamins do not come from stones .
You would not survive without sleep for that long .
An axe is not designed to play music .
The stock market doesn t have friends .
A new born baby can t crawl .
Playing a guitar does not equal making a pizza .
moon appears during the night only
A unicorn is a fictional creature
Mechanics help in fixing vehicles and do not give legal permissions for hunting
humans need air to breathe but there is not enough air underwater
Tanks are too heavy to fly .
Generally a father becomes angry when his son breaks something of important .
New movies are warched at the movies .
No suitcase is made for carrying stones .
Grocery store do not sell lumber .
Roses are much lower in height than trees .
You can t ride a washing machine .
A truck is too heavy for a person to carry .
Anything in excess is unhealthy .
A person can t write down something with a spoon .
Human creates a household and industrial waste which causes environmental problems .
Beijing is cold in winter .
A jellyfish is a sea creature not intended to hold anything .
Flowers don t usually bloom in winter
the position of princess in not to be applied for .
Bricks are solid and cannot clean anything .
A dryer is not a comfortable place for a dog to sleep
Monkeys do not spend time in the water
BREAD IS NOT SUITABLE FOR OVEN
Bark on trees does not change color with the seasons .
hippos do not typically hang out on sidewalks
You cannot eat tomato soup with a fork .
The sky is too light to fall
a cow is not found in a store
Fishes are living under water
He would play cricket outside .
Stock markets are an entity and do not have friends
House is not edible
Most animals will harm you if touched or eaten
Food cannot go into the eyes .
HANDS DON T FIT WELL INSIDE OF SHOES .
the seasons in the north and south hemispheres are opposite
people do not do shopping in their bedroom
Every substance in the known world is made of molecules
Toilets cannot be placed inside goldfish .
diabetic person should not eat sugar added food like milkshakes .
A bowls can t be used to fry steaks .
Speakers will amplify the music and that will bother others
Ice cream doesn t contain water
petrol bunk provides petrol for vehicle
People don t like all the same books
children do not play on desks
A shoe is for wearing on your feet .
Students are under the legal drinking age
People use .a glass
Passengers don t fit into snakes .
You can not fly in boxes .
Water dors not give the green colouring to the plant .
Paper is not used to buy a new game .
Our solar system has one star .
Elephants are vegetarian
Biryani is a food from India
Lions do not go to college . They are animals
SLEEPING IS NOT A EXCERCISE
Cats are not vehicles .
A leopard is not a way to commute somewhere .
no one marries a monkey
Dog cannot drive to the vet .
You can t give someone a lose
You cannot live in a pumpkin .
you can t ride on the sea
Brushing your teeth three times a year is too liitle to do any good to your teeth .
Chickens can fly span distances
The zoo is not for withdrawing money a bank is .
Bathroom is used for bathing not for playing .
A dishwashers purpose is too clean dishes and was invented to do so .
A person can t eat a tree
Cat s have Kittens . dogs have puppies
The liquid will leak out of the basket
Lions do not eat plant material .
pen doesn t show time
pen is not easily flammable thing
most children don t like to go to hospital
A car is too big for a bathtub .
Nose can t be used to pay bills .
Running is tiring much more than walking
turning on the tap uses more water
You can not store things in a tyre
Reward gives for a good work or action
A dog cannot take care of a cat .
Breaking a door is not the way to go into a house .
Aardvarks don t wear shoes .
The police will not pay for things .
Rubber is a material that can be used for tires but cannot be used very well to make markings or drawings .
Green is the color of grass and leaves
A turtle is not faster than a rabbit .
No man can live on the moon by now .
Bowls and chopsticks are not fit for human consumption .
you don t need to wear a flak jacket to ski
Swords have sharp edges and would hurt .
Students should spend time studying not on their phones .
Piano is an art form .
Vinegar does not go in coffee
There is no reason for a monitor to be in a graveyard .
box has no ink to write .
Cans aren t used to contain sweaters .
A human can not ride a dog .
Bees are not able to gather dew .
A fridge is too large to put in a chicken .
A whale is too big to sleep on a bed .
Dogs don t use tools .
pig never go to school
Speaking loudly in public would create problems .
Dogs do not plot to destroy the world .
One cannot eat an apple using a donut .
the fridge is used to frozen food but not to roast
Salt does not leave sweet food
Pens do not pass through hips hips are for walking
Cars are not capable of interplanetary travel .
A tiger is not a source of heat for a home .
Coal is harmful to the environment
Clouds is does not seen in the earth .
Oil makes fires bigger
The ice cream would melt in the closet so it is very unlikely that he put it there .
Apples don t have appendages
there is no connection between bad water and low visibility .
Bread is not sold in a shoeshop
A bicycle can not fit in a bag
You usually drink at the pub not before the pub
dolphins can t live in the desert
PLEASE DON T PLAY WITH THE TIGERS THEY WILL RIP YOUR FACE OFF THEY ARE WILD ANIMALS !
Corn is planted in soil .
An egg must hatch before we call it a chicken and the egg cannot hatch before it is laid .
Staying up late will not help a tired person .
People who don t eat for a month will die
A refrigerator would be damaging to sunflowers .
China is too far from America to travel by train .
A hot dog has no dog .
Dogs don t fly
Water is not flammable .
clouds appear only in a cloudy day
Medicine does not any physical actions by itself .
Computers do not eat
Shopping centers are generally non governmental projects .
Hair can t be used as a drawing tool .
Mosquitoes bite skin .
You should not look at your phone while crossing the street because you might get hurt if you don t look at your surroundings .
Beijing is not the location of the Great Wall .
Ideas are not concrete objects
A literal orange tree would not fit inside of a book .
Penguins live in the southern hemisphere .
An office cannot ride
a toilet has no money to lend
Paper can not be eaten directly
the ground is already low and cannot fall .
You should not change clothes in the classroom .
No one can see the writing on the floor
Steam arises from hot water and not cold or cooled one .
Water is used to take a bath
The secretary works for the bosses and he s responsible to fetch him a cup of tea
gym is not a place to having a dirty clothes
A jaguar is a type of animal .
The Arctic Pole is colder than many places too .
Birds eat worms and bugs .
Cars only have 4 wheels
dogs arent gardeners
Stones are not clothes and would slide off the body .
Spaceship cannot be used to travel on holidays .
Usually the better the expertise the better the pay .
It isn t possible to walk through closed doors
stones are not flammable
Polar bears live only in Arctic regions where there are no stations .
Certificates can only be issued to people whose scores meet the rank .
It is personal preference whether you prefer indoors or outdoors more
Phone cannot wash .
Quilts are used for decoration and warmth .
You will only find toilets urinals and sinks in a bathroom .
Vinegar makes the food more sour not saltier
our noses are used for smelling
In email only all types of documents can be attached not the living things .
The moon is too far away to smell .
France does not have enough area to be the most populated country .
a spoon cannot be cooked it is not a food item
Glue has no sharp edge .
Usually people sleep at bed not at some religious place
hospital is a place to treat patients
One cannot drive a lawn mower to work
writer writes books not exams
A cook s job is cooking
Scissors are too sharp and small to be furniture .
Boats can not fly .
Chemistry don t tell stories about one s past
Venus is the second planet in our solar system
Chemistry is a subject and it can not harm people
no one eat stones
no one wear lipstick on eyes
the car cannot park inside the kitchen
Walking around a theater would make a lot of noise .
it is impossible to keep the package on lungs
a garage doesn t need waiters
Staying home does not require tickets .
There is no book shelf in a jail
Lamps create light for better vision
Bikes cannot be ridden on stairs .
paper is not edible and can t be poured
Leaves are not found in a sculpture .
Globes are made of materials you cannot eat
A horse is to big to fit in a fridge .
Working is the opposite of relaxing .
having parties is not a good way to improve your grades
Flamingoes are not clothing .
The last thing you do when you perform is leave the stage .
Mountains and volcanoes don t bleed or have blood they spew magma .
A boy can fall asleep but a boy cannot shut down
The winter is for cold weather .
Typos are only present in books .
people who love each other don t necessarily have to marry each other
Robost have no digestive system
Sneakers made it harder to swim .
it s impossible for Caesar to burn water in the river
Being outside during a typhoon is incredibly dangerous and possibly fatal .
There can t be anything in the air conditioner .
It s not correct that sang is a future tense verb .
Santa Claus is not real
putting out the fire in the fireplace will only make us feel colder
Horses don t lay eggs
Bikes are not allowed in wheelbarrow races .
Babies are not allowed to arrest .
Oil cannot be used for washing hand .
Parrot can not read books .
the sun doesn t appear at night
Babies don t know how to drive cars .
Toothpaste is not a food
Burning trash sets free a lot of toxins
Offering a knife to guests is offensive
Carbon dioxide is harmful to humans .
Book cannot be eaten .
alcohol is not in sodas .
Fish does not have legs and cannot walk
Guns don t make laughing noises
A laptop should not be stored in the fridge because you don t need to keep it cold .
Playing will not improve a person s handwriting .
day is bright
Cold things do not cause burns
Pigs can t play football .
Hospital is not a place where the children does not likes to go .
Toes cannot be divided .
You don t tell jokes to a judge .
Cows cannot understand secrets .
Bathroom is for bath and there is no place for a party
Dark is the absence of light .
Linda can t be older than her own grandmother .
Planets are too big to be held
Gasoline cannot be ingested .
Deserts don t have water and therefore have no harbors .
The plane is not fast enough to break through the atmosphere and go into space
Plumbers did not train to fix computers .
Bottles are used for the storage of liquid .
Prond is not an actual word .
Pigs are short animals
Most kids enjoy playing with toys and don t hate them .
a restaurant does not have teachers to teach discipline
mars doesn t has anything
First class seats are expensive
Since you wear scarfs the texture interacts with your skin .
Gold does not build up on grass .
Elephants don t have the sixth sense to watch movies .
Botanical gardens are filled with flower plants and a giraffe is seen at a zoo which hold animals so one cannot see giraffes in a botanical garden .
No one can run on cycle
There not 31 days in February .
Staying up all night means lacking sleep and rest and affects ones ability to think and be energetic .
Football does not include bikes .
Lion is so huge
Pens aren t used for cutting .
Chicken are too small to be used as transportation .
A dog cannot walk a human
The ocean is wet .
Mirrors is too sharp to brush our teeth .
a calculator can only solve mathematical operations .
Clothing shops sell garments .
It is very rude to sing loudly in a library
Singing is not taught in PE class .
Some drugs should only be used for those they are prescribed to .
Grass is not breakable .
Poison cannot be used to create a breakfast shake .
Elephants are grey .
A plane will not fit in a car
The car can not be parked on the moon .
CAMEL IS NOT A TURKEY TO PACK
The ground cannot be above a tree because the tree grows from it .
Human s ass is not electronic
drinking oil is not healthy
The piano is an unsafe dancing surface .
A mother would typically be annoyed about clothes being left on the floor .
exercise helps us lose weight .
Jet goes many times faster than a human can run .
A hamster is too big to be inserted into a gun
We wear gloves on hand not on head .
Steaks are never green or yellow and their readiness to eat is determined by temperature instead of color .
Raccoons cant read
A door cannot be turned off .
The movie can be seen and hear but cannot be read
RENTER ONLY CAN PAY RENT
You should take off your clothes before you go to bed .
Drinking alcohol actually dehydrate a persons and you need to drink a lot of water with in order to staty hydrated .
Seven quarters is equal to 1 .75
A garage specializes in cars not cats .
Burning a magazine is a waste and not appropriate recycle instead .
Barbers do not sell food
moon is not a sun emights light to all the world
Fierce cannot be done by the sheep .
Shoes go on the feet .
Knives are flat and can t contain soup
People don t eat dogs .
Cat treats are not usually given to dogs .
you can not taste videos
Rabbits do not talk .
Lotion does not have skin .
Cheddar is kind of cheese not fish .
Malaysia is typically warm .
It would take more time to go to metrol station from a house far away
Insects cannot make milk at all .
Crocodiles are not capable of flying .
Electronics don t work underwater .
eating less would not provide enough nutrition to grow taller
Ants are too small to trip a man up
stone is not a cloth
Most humans do not have the capability for space travel and the trip could not be made in one day anyway .
Thieves gets punished for stealing .
the deaf can t see anything including the gestures
Women do not fit through a keyhole
Tom and Jerry have only been around for the past few decades and they are fictional .
without mother no babies born
Turtles are not fast .
The mouse does not have any kind of speaker to listen to music .
Lion is a Terrestrial animal it cannot fly .
Leather shoes have no legal right to drive legally
People get their haircut at the salon .
plastic is non magnetic
life is a feeling . .
A person who cannot carry a tone cannot sing well and so friends do not enjoy listening to him .
Usually there aren t equipments for bathe in a study .
A snowboard cannot climb upwards
Ants are much smaller than fences .
Buses are made to serve living people
The moon does not emit light and what we see is the light shed on it by the sun .
Oil causes stains you wouldn t wash with it
ignoring people makes them mad usually
Reading allows people to experience many perspectives outside of their own .
The colors yellow and red make orange not green
Glue is liquid and paper is a solid .
Leaves do not produce any sort of ink and can t be used for writing .
high heels are worn by girls
Tesla is widely known for making electric cars .
YOU ARE LIKELY TO FIND A SHARK IN THE OCEAN
You can t cook a computer .
Bread will get wet in rain .
Cobras are dangerous and no one will keep them in a handbag
employer always has to pay the salary .
You cannot bake ice cream .
Winter includes very cold temperatures so a short sleeve would not provide enough protection .
The Forbidden City is in the center of Beijing .
Brushes are not used to pick teeth
Most people have one head .
looking after car is not the babysitter s duty
Hammers are not vegetables .
The moon is out at night and not the sun .
helocoptors are vehicles not clothes
Violets don t usually grow in factories .
Oil can t be used to make tea .
the library is not a place to borrow money
The bank doesn t have groceries .
Men cannot be pregnant .
People only subscribe to what they like
Tennis rackets don t have any provision to make music .
a sausage is food not a piece of sporting equipment
paper is made of straw and shouldn t be eaten
There is a call to be answered only when the phone rings .
A squid is not capable of fixing a car
Cocks don t lay eggs
it is impossible to walk to the sun
Cars don t walk
You don t make nuclear weapons to harm yourself or those you want to protect .
The sand is inedible and can hurt your teeth
You don t taste books .
Gasoline cannot be drunk
eyes can t hear anything
he cannot marry an animal
the height of the cliff is much more than the limit of one s strength
Wheels don t work if they re not round .
You can eat food out of a bowl but you can not cook food in a bowl .
it is currently impossible to travel to neptune
Eating too much does not cause coughing .
Monster is not allowed inside the cafe .
To damage the skin we should not use the sunscreen .
students are not encouraged to play video games
Achieving success is not best done through Hard Rock .
the shelf is too big to fit on the book
High temperature in summer
milk powder is used to cook .
A toothpick cant be used in billiards because it is too short and weak .
Ants are not smart enough or able to correct any composition .
human society was there when there were no phones so phones are not most important
Paper is in a rectangular shape .
Cooker is not a vehicle
Trucks aren t grocery
Apples can be green .
Playing the violin for a long time does not mean Ben can play the piano
Convenience stores are too small to sell cars .
YouTuber refers to the video makers
A rock is not food and would break your teeth .
a local hospital doesn t sell fruits .
Wolves are wild animals .
she would not return to a store with bad goods
a giraffe is too big to fit in a tub
Humans cannot breathe underwater .
bathing never decrease fat
Forks are used to spear food .
Bread is not appropriate footwear .
Drinking alcohol will eventually get a person drunk .
Santa clause is only during christmas time .
Grass is greem
Cooks generally do not cut hair .
Lights do not produce a smell .
Vegetables can lose nutrients when boiled .
NEWSPAPER DOESN T CONTAIN ANY FOOD
Desks are not edible .
dogs are friendly animals
A pine tree is not a means of transportation
your head has to stay attached to your body
Bacteria have no vocal cords
A whistle is not used in formal situations unless possibly to get someones attention .
Colours don t have sound .
Dinosaurs are extinct
Luggage can t move by themselves
Staring at a display is unlikely to make legs feel sick .
CAMEL IS NOT A TURKEY TO PACK
Smashed air conditioner will not work anymore .
A grove is a group of trees .
Junk food has unbalanced nutrition complements and is bad for health
Eating expired food is not good for one s stomach .
A badminton is a name of a sport .
assistance is not against a person
Books are knowledge recorders for human production
Sleep is necessary for health .
Mozart was a world class musician
most humans are afraid of death
You cannot use pens to prepare a meal as they are not edible .
Ghosts are not associated with labor day they are associated with halloween and horror .
Bleach is extremely dangerous also you can t order bleach
A funeral is sad event .
Diabetics need to stay away from sugar .
When people are leaving they say bye
The toilet is not in the kitchen .
Pill is taken for pain .
Snacks are solid foods .
You can t "blow " an elbow the same way you would a nose .
A person cannot kill someone with a programming language
A human cannot eat a car .
Water is a liquid and liquids are not suitable building materials .
camel is not to wore
Birds are too small for people to ride .
There is no such thing as a sprig of water
Jewelry is is expensive .
The wood is lighter than the water so it would float on it
Gasoline is not safe for drink
the shape of ice is hard to change because it is solid
Playing games won t help you master knowledge better
drivers drive cars instead of taking blood pressure .
a good movie will have a good box office
Urine tastes horrible and is bad for you
Bikes do not ride people .
A clean sink will not hold water .
Scientist cannot be a mark twain .
The word "exclusive " would mean that access is limited only to a certain few .
You can not eat stones .
You can t hear music through your hands .
Salads are usually made from vegetables not from animals .
Nuclear weapons are not used on those who build them .
Animals cannot cook their own food .
Pigeons cannot breathe underwater .
The dog could be picking up the pictures with his or her mouth actually clicking the camera and focusing would be impossible .
Macaroni is not alive and cannot receive calls .
HOSPITAL FOR TAKE TREATMENT NOT FOR PLAYING
Smoking shortens your life and increases the chance of cancer and heart deseases
Clouds is not a type of weaving material to knit also Clouds are present in sky .
A person can t be born in a volcano
stores of any kind cannot be found inside of a person
An elephant s brain doesn t have the ability that let him speak read or write .
No one can walk on water .
The girl is not a son only a daughter .
The alarm clock should be placed on the desktop or on the wall .
A computer has no benefit to your health .
Gold is very expensive and is usually used to make smaller items .
People drive cars and dogs ride in the cars with people but dogs cannot drive cars .
How charged a cellphone is has no impact on the storage of the device .
People and animalls cannot live without oxygen .
Bed is used for sleep not for run .
Balls are inanimate objects and cannot chase anything .
you should take everybody then lets conquer space . sorry you cant leave earth
Stones are not typically found within bowls .
A move theater is not a real place
New York is not a country .
CAT IS A LIVING THING
Plastic is not liquid
Moon is not a thing that shines in the sky .
The net is not food
Dogs do not have better vision than humans .
One don t need to write when they are talking to others
a brick is not meant for watching over and over
you can buy stuffed animals on amazon .
Elephants can not go that fast .
Iron is a dense metal that is still used today to build structures
Apple has weight
The aurora is only at the north
If she was full she would not be eating eagerly .
Slipperies are informal at workplace
Ice would melt and no longer be ice in the summer .
Calculator is a mathematical device
The game of chess cannot be played in a stone .
The surface temperature of the sun is very high
An old man is a person not an appliance
beverages do not satiate hunger .
Sand is not edible
uranium is toxic .
tulip is national flower of Netherlands
Dinosaurs are extinct
Glue makes your hair stick together .
stone is not energy source .
Churches are not skyscrapers in height .
Our bag can t prevent us from getting wet in the rain .
People usually don t dance at someones funeral as someone who they loved is dead .
Satan is a character from a religious text and a young child would not ask him for a tricycle .
Mice cannot use computers .
Lions are so colossal
Computers are not things that can be ridden .
Sanitation workers collect garbage
Cars are for driving .
Trees lose their leaves in fall .
The ocean is usually blue because it reflects the sky .
a video game is to interact
STUDY ONLY HELP TO PASS THE EXAM NOT PLAY
Humans can read but dogs cannot read .
Elephants live on land .
salt would dehydrate you
one person speaking is a monologue not a conversation
Feeble people cannot run
Eating fish cannot change people s gender
A whale is to big to ride and cannot move out of water .
A porkipine cannot breath in a refrigerator .
Helping people makes people happy and not ashamed .
Being hot to death can not be saved by the warmth of fire .
Detergent will hurt your hair .
Wendy is a person not something you can use to describe the weather .
bike is too big to fit into a post box
Ice is stored in the freezer .
Dogs do not have the ability to fly .
Ice cream will melt when baking .
Egypt is known to be hot and not cool .
Eating more food when you are full will make you uncomfortable
A tee shirt is not winter clothing .
Traffic jams delay going home
Mary can t breathe underwater
people walk dogs not horses horses are ridden
Anemones live in sea .
traffic jams make delays
Cleaners are not used to clear the luggage .
Pig s don t sing .
Anger is not a thing to be found in a search engine .
brushing your eyes with a toothbrush can make you blind
You cannot be in a wall .
the is no sun in the basement
Books are meant to be read not worn
Cricket should be played in play ground and laboratory is an indoor place
Butter is not something you can ride .
Because sun has no blue color .
books are not eatable
Sky cannot take by josie .
Men can not walk on top of water .
Infants do not drink beer .
Crimes aren t praiseworthy .
photos cannot be taken of the future
an oven belongs in the kitchen
no one cooks dishes in the toilet
Flies are smaller than fridges .
If you miss a deadline you would feel upset not at ease .
You can t drink pennies .
Cats have kittens not eggs .
Horses cannot be milked .
Serial killers may kill you so they are not safe .
Bleach is used to clean not as a drink for humans
A bird who is up early sees the first worm and catches it .
butterfly wings are not waterproof .
Houses are far too big to use staples on .
Nails are not food to be eaten .
to play football you need football court and a team
Pictures are meant to be displayed while fruit is not
An elephant is too large to be in a building that a fridge would be logically located
Pluto is no longer closest to the sun .
Sharks live in the water and do not drive at all .
A farmer has no connection with litigation .
He can not play football in his room with friends .
a fridge is not high enough to jump from to commit suicide
Gloves are worn on your hands
A car is to heavy to move with your feet .
Nurses do not work in schools .
Houses are too big to go in an oven .
Chocolate doesn t have any memory .
Survival does not depend on whether or not a person plays .
desk is not a mouth to kiss
Oil is not a hard substance to make a doll .
A truck is not something that he can from continent to continent .
Dry curing is not used to form cheese .
Food for sale is not stored in the bedroom .
Molecules are too small to hold a person while sitting .
People usually run from fires .
Tanks can only be used by armies
Cups and saucers cannot handle the weight of people .
A blue whale is too large for a seagull to eat .
Sylvia would not use her children for writing emails to her workplace .
The fan would not provide any light .
snake is not a vehicle
A person would put makeup on where they could see themselves thus not in front of a wall .
A lion is not a pet .
Glass is heavy and fragile .
what has happened can hardly be changed
Dentist is someone who examines tooth
bees make honey not money
some raw fish contains parasites and is not good for your health
The next station is not the last station so not all passangers will get off the train .
Jety is peeling peanuts as opposed to apples .
Under the and while outdoors is when one should wear sunglasses .
A kid is too young to lead .
Gas and hamburgers don t mix .
sun is very hot
burritos were not invented by the italian people
A bike has no wings to fly .
Air cannot be use to block the air .
The media is supposed to represent facts .
The dog is too big to the tea cup .
Toilet paper is a thing which cannot use to remove the makeup .
cactus are not for people to live in
Monkey can not cook .
The fastest runner should be the first to reach the finish line .
There are no mountains in New York city .
Rock are materials which cannot feel pain
People s science and technology can t predict earthquakes yet .
No one will be happy to lose the one they love most .
A shoe is not an instrument .
Trees and plants need solid land to grow on .
A dog isn t an instrument so it can t be played
Dumbbells are metal weights they would be impossible to eat .
oil is not used to wash the face
Ketchup is red and made from tomatoes which are never blue .
baseball is not a kind of food
Water is a clear liquid that will evaporate when it dries .
Nobody can eat math .
One can not go to college until after high school .
PATCH IS NOT A PICTURE
Heart must beat for a living thing to stay alive .
A chair does not sit like a human .
A house phone is used for making calls from your house .
People cannot give birth to animals
Socks is not an electric device We can wear them only .
Pepper is not typically an ingredient in bubble tea
Putting hand in a hot oil burns the hand
A fire hydrant is too small for people to shelter from the rain under it
umbrellas are a decent rain shield
Feet can t talk
No sun at night
Nothing is grown on Mars .
STONE IS A SOLID NOT A LIQUID
pig can t climb anything
There is no country known as liegenpoofa .
milk contain nutrition values to make humans tall .
Sloths are notoriously slow .
The desert is the desert because there s not enough water there .
Paper bags are biodegradable and therefore cause less damage to the environment .
a rainbow bowtie is not appropriate attire
we take pain killers to get relieve from pain .
Commonly being treated badly is not a trait that one would enjoy or a reason to like someone
Ice is not flammable .
An infant has much different needs than a basil plant and requires no soil to flourish .
There are no apple trees on the moon
noise will affect her sleeping
A cellphone is to small to hit a baseball with
A cucumber is not likely to be present at a concert
A mustache cannot be entered into a computer form .
When we are wet we can drip that much just like rain
Rudeness is not a likeable trait .
You can t digest a stone
You should make a fire before cooking .
A house is too big to fit into the trash bin
Cats do not make chirping sounds .
Winning a scholarship is a positive thing .
Lotus seeds are not light enough to float in air .
Fish cannot fly .
Tires can be full or flat .
A ball is an object and cannot have fun .
A better seat than the original could not cost less money .
Teddies cannot enter wallets as tickets can
SNOWMEN IS NOT FOR SUMMER
it would be dangerous and unusual for a child to play with a shark
Cigarettes are not good to eat .
A bucket is used for holding water instead of sweeping a bucket would not sweep anything up off the floor .
Hospitals don t sell groceries .
A rocket can not be driven on a road
Mud is not edible .
A spatula cannot be used for painting .
She can not buy bananas to hair salon .
People do not sell anything at birthdays .
A plant does no eat dinners
NO ONE DRINK PETROL
stones don t hace live so they can t have freckles .
Monkeys can t be collected .
Her house is too big to fit in the washing machine
Ovens are used for baking food not storing clothes
Wind cannot be turned when he goes to bed every night .
Jeans were invented in the United States .
Companies do not generally have over 500 employers .
people think highly of iphones
Watches are not used like telephones .
Opening the window would let more wind in .
You cannot cook a football .
We don t wash books ever .
human doesn t have a tail
Books are not a food item and not served at restaurants .
Playing games does not help you review the knowledge needed for the final exam .
People don t drink pennies nor do they drink solids .
There is no railway between China and America .
China has a history of 5 000 years
Families cannot travel to the moon there is no oxygen there
Libraries are quiet places not for parties .
people do not want others to talk in the theater
The boy doesn t have a stinger .
water does not contain information .
Most parents would never give their babies away .
A motor cycle is meant for adults and a 7 year old kid cannot handle it
A stove is used for cooking not sending or receiving communications .
Shoes are not food .
Microwave ovens can explode batteries
English characters do not contain radicals .
restaurants sell food
Oil is not drinkable for human but water is
The sun is a huge circular sphere .
Democracy is a political ideology .
if you walk you are slower than when you run
It s not permitted to have picnic on the road
people do not put bread in a cup .
The tennis court is meant for tennis sport .
Cats don t cook they don t know how
She would choke on a stone .
A furnace heats a home
You dance on the floor .
Humans cannot fly
People use their hands and not their feet to drive a car .
the stove isn t hot enough to burn
You cannot ride a notebook .
The Alps are not located in China
A chair is not designed to fly .
Pens don t tell time
The doctor treats people who are sick and does not sell coffee .
People spend more money on beautiful things than the ugly
computers are not able to make cakes .
Foots cannot unlock any doors
Bananas are not desk .
A turtle is not a mode of travel .
spoon is not a vehicle
Gasoline is not used for cleaning .
The person who wins the bet is the person who gives the orders .
The hammer drives nails more abruptly than by pressing .
NEVER PALM TREE PRODUCES ORANGE .
Sports are not necessary to sustain life .
A cat would go crazy being bitten let alone eaten by bugs .
Sweat cannot be donated whereas Hardwork can be given
Stones do not have any emotions or feelings so they cannot get hurt .
Linen is not used to make rings .
stars cannot read
Students should enter the classroom through the door .
Lumber does not present in the grocery store .
Chimpanzees do not know how to use computers .
a dog is too big for a bird to carry it in its back
Chairs can t walk
Tables cannot be used to sing with .
Fire is not wet .
truck is larger than small garage
BATH IS USED FOR REFRESH ONESELF NOT FOR EXAM MANNER
a movie cannot be seen in a library .
sun rises from the east instead of south .
The Supermarket is not place for a train .
Cockroaches that inhabit the soil are a type of insect with many legs and black or brown
AFTER EATING GYM IS NOT GOOD
Food at supermarket
While driving vehicles emits smoke
Discotheques require clothing .
Brad Pitt is not a place
You can t withdraw money from fruit shops .
A room can not move itself
A telescope does not have the ability to bake or create heat .
sharks are likely to be found in the ocean and not the grouond .
A stethoscope is used to listen to your heat beat .
phones will be broken if people wash them
Cars are not trains .
A schoolbag does not protect the head .
Its not possible to live on the moon
frisbee has nothing in common with football
Floors aren t capable of thoughts or desires .
A book is an inanimate object and cannot read anything .
You will sink if you try to lay in the lake
Mirrors are not water sources .
lawyers are people who provide legal aid
Food is not stored in magazines .
Sweets and snacks make people gain weight .
Raccoons do not slither .
a car can not be used to wash something
To tape a television show needs a working VCR
There is no water on the moon
Flowers cannot grow on stones
that is pure insanity you don t use that on your head
home never ran
THE BOY WENT TO WORK WITH THE CAR
It is dangerous to play on desks
Bookshelves can t be used to communicate .
Stones can t be eaten and digested .
Panda is a animal which cannot be used as a pet .
The mud is so dirty to eat
The zoo has no withdrawal service
A car cannot buy a person .
Sharks are found in bodies of water not in the ground or under plants .
Humans do not have tails .
A shark will not fit in the car
Cotton jackets are too warm for summer
Christmas celebrates the birth of Jesus which is not a pagan religion and is a holiday in december
Bathing suit is not used to wear in the winter .
Sulfuric acid would kill a person so usually people do not drink it .
T shirt doesn t have the ability to unlock .
Math is not a food
Dishes go in the dishwasher .
Any liquid cannot run the bikes engine
watermelon homes doesn t exist
A cat is an animal can not be planted .
Staying healthy requires drinking more water
oxygen cannot be made into sauce
police protect their community by fighting and preventing crime
Steel plate is very hard .
The shape of the sun is perfecty round
Pets can t play basketball .
there is no need to burn the table for illumination
He was close to his wife so he was in anguish at her death .
You only swim in water
thousands of students could not fit in a classroom
A baby doesn t crawl until later on .
Flashman is the superhero of the DC universe
The Sun is way bigger hotter and brighter than a lamp .
Bikes cannot be ridden in the sky .
The sky won t appear yellow
Males do not typically wear skirts .
bread is not a drink
Cars don t walk .
A pen is not big enough to live in .
The temperature is reducing with the hight increasing for the qulity of hot atmosphere is light
petrol is not a swimming water
Bee s are not a consumable beverage
delete item doesn t need to holding
You cannot eat an engine .
Geese do not hibernate .
Graduation certificate is not the document for taking trains
Subways are closed at midnight
Dolls are not conscious .
Desserts and deserts contain very little sea salt .
The stage tends to spread happiness rather than sadness
Drinking juice is not a crime
You cannot control a TV with a land line phone .
language is an acquired skill while breathing is an innate ability
The office is for working not for recreation .
fireplace is not for living
The library is a place where we don t have a noise .
An apple can not be driven
Umbrellas are not edible .
White House is in washington city
Anything in excess is bad and could cause damages .
Closet is not a thing that cannot put in his backpack .
Apples are fruits of an apple tree
Pizza parlors don t have car washes .
A lion can not run in an election
A shark cannot move out of water so could not hunt on land in the jungle .
Part of these 24 hours a day are actually night when there is no sunlight .
Pears grow only on a pear tree .
teachers assign homework
Moon can be seen over the sky so we can t jump over it .
Slapping mailboxes has nothing to do with your chances of encountering or getting eaten by a grizzly bear .
people do not have bread with gasoline
torch is used to see things in dark
Dragons aren t real .
Generally people don t have access to a lion let alone a red one .
I have to stay in contact with the ground when I run
Beds do not move and thus cannot be chased .
cake is not fried item .
people do not have ice cream with poison
A woman is unlikely to wear a tee shirt to a ball .
Ocesn water contains salt and cannot taste sweet .
people cannot remove their liver from their body to schoolbag
Their is no way to continually drive to all continents .
Freezers can t heat things .
fish do not sit on furniture
MOSTLY SAD THING MAKE CRYING
pandas are protected animals and are not allowed to be killed
Stone has a hard surface which cannot reflect things
Shoe cannot depict time
people usually don t feel hot in winter
Tortoises do not hop .
A sun is in outer space you can t go out there and make one you re not a god !
Man cannot fly
radio has no screen to watch
Silver cant tell temperature
The hair salon does not have dentists that do medical oral services .
a car is a large vehicle not an item of clothing
Bicycles are too big for spiders to ride .
Drivers avoid crash by braking not by accelerating
monkeys are too weak to be used for grinding .
Plates are not used to hold water
Lotion is only suitable for human skin .
If you are hot turning on the heating will only increase the problem .
Oil would make her face dirtier
A refrigerator keeps things cold it does not cook them .
cartoon is an imagine character but actors is a human
Squids live in ocean
Diamonds do not fall from the sky .
Oil is not necessary for a hairdresser .
A slow wind does not normally cause any damage .
A potato is a type of vegetable .
Weather forecast has no power to cause effect on crops .
A tiger is much larger than a mouse trap .
Pepper spray is dangerous
Horses do not produce milk .
Trash cans are not used for communication .
The bulb is worn out so it becomes darker .
While telephones contain the technical elements to make phone calls bananas do not .
A human cannot eat a car .
Doctors do not repair bicycles only repairs shops for bicycles do that .
Buses go to bus stations and not trains .
Stones will sink in water
Turning on a light will not make it darker .
a cold comes from low temperatures
An apple has a smooth skin .
Temple Church and Mosque are not the places where people sleep .
Queen Elizabeth II is a queen at present therefore cannot be a king that is a male ruler
Soda bottles do not ring and don t nees to be answered .
A school is much too big to fit inside of a can .
If you don t punch in a boxing match you cannot claim to be a boxer
BOXES IS NOT A SHOES
Light cannot be dark .
A cup cannot fit in a toaster .
Music stream is an electronic media
Elephants are too big to live in a wall .
There is no chess piece called a president .
a horse is too big of a meal
Most people laugh at a comedy
Jackets are not stored in the fridge .
clover is a proper noun not common noun
They can only have five fingers since your feet only have five toes on each foot .
Mud will get you dirt .
Marathon is a kind of running test
that just not make any sense . children don t fight
The smell cannot be heard .
fridge is not a food item
Frighten does not make people happy
Motor oil is inedible .
Cats are not afraid of rat cats usually eat rat
During watching the movies you cannot shoot the movie freely due to restrictions inside the theater .
A footballer gets paid to kick a football into a goal and so he needs to do so .
Fire contains more energy than ice .
Highways don t go through residentual areas .
Dogs cannot drive cars .
If you suffer injuries in an accident they send you to the hospital in a theater they will not cure you
you cannot ride a book
Botanical gardens do not have animals .
Water has no color
Plants cannot grow in a body .
stone is not the living thing to carry anything .
If shoes are tight they are not comfortable
Money is used to purchase items for families so because families are people and not for sale money cannot buy them .
Man evolved from primates which are classified as animals .
The mall can t provide breakfast .
arm is connected to wrist not butt
Sand is not for eating
Television cannot watch someone
People do not eat tables .
A dog is an animal not a vehicle .
A diesel is a lot larger than a garage .
You cannot tame a cheetah
Sandwiches can t be placed into an ashtray
Having a stomachache is the result of eating expired food but not reason
Keyboard is for playing music .
One can apply for a divorce only after marriage .
The sea is full of salt .
Glass cannot feed to the cat .
Not stating how the water is used negates the rest of the sentence .
There are never any leaves to button on a shirt .
Books do not go in a refrigerator
No baby is able to take a bus alone .
Silly is an adjetive that can only define a human behavior
table does not need to be sharpened .
baby is not vehicle
If one has not eaten one loses weight therefore is not fat .
A volcano cannot be eaten .
If Pesto sauce contains basil then the outcome for it to be red is impossible .
teeth not used for operate to mouse
someone s teeth stay healthy if he cleans them often
Flowers do not have wings and cannot fly .
The bulb used for a long time will automatically brings down the brightness
Unless she picked him up and slammed him into a bat that isn t what happened .
The Sahara is a desert and there is not much rain in deserts .
No one can throw a car .
Some climates are not hot enough in the summer to require air conditioning
The foot of a one legged person need to be protect
car keys do not make phone calls
The sea is known to be blue
Humans are not locked up by lions in zoos
The moon is not suitable for humans living
NO ONE CAN DRINK HAIR DYE IN EVERYMORNING .
Dogs don t jump in trees
steaks are never green
Clothing has no storage function
He already knew his mom .
You cannot walk through outer space .
Humans do not have ability to fly .
if you re not eating anything at all all day then you are not eating fast
Sleeping mask goes on the face not belly
Worms are very small compared to birds
people use pencils to write instead of getting along with them
Temperature doesn t affect gold s price
Planets cannot be bought and sold .
When police respond quickly the public appreciate them
ID cards give you access to places .
New kitchen appliances is not used to decide whether he was unhappy in his job .
lighting a match does not produces water which is required to create flood
Only criminals need to be arrested
A finger cannot kill someone
Barking does not done by the tortoise .
Ice is solid not liquid
it is not possible to use a spaceship to go to work
dog does not know to operate mobile phone
There is no dancing at the opera .
Drinking soy sauce is not a competition
penicillin isn t something to use against someone
the warning is very clear and must be respected
sun is not store to run
Stones are inedible .
Underwear are worn underneath the pants .
A lighter cannot unlock a door .
Wood cannot reflect anything
if we watch a computer for long time then we have more power in eyes so its very bad
Water is not a solid surface and does not hold something written on it .
Flies do not have the capacity to bite .
Bag is not a right choice to write the home works
Babies are not born two meters tall .
sheep are not vehicles
You can not drink gas .
Telephones are not used to write programs by the programmers .
A 55 year old man is not a baby
Sam cannot be watching shows on stones .
A dog is an animal and cheese is a food neither of which can a computer use .
Snowing makes it colder
Removing your teeth will have no effect on wifi signal
A person cannot become rain
Car races do not take place in an opera hall .
Waves are not found in a theatre .
Stones are not wearable
A renter cannot decide the rent .
Fire does not burn on a lake
People cannot guide rivers around things
The ball will bounce instead of break .
Gyms can t give medical care or vaccines to animals
People who compose musics are called musicians and who practice medicine are called doctors
Flour does not belong on the face it belongs in baking .
A cat is a small animal that you hold .
Dogs are not fried pan
Usually the teacher helps us to correct our homework
hardware store does not sells gas for car
Cars cannot drive in the ocean when a bridge is not present
Lava is not edible thing as it contains molten hot earthen elements and gases .
A grandmother cannot be younger than her granddaughter .
Sand is basically found in the hilly areas inside swimming pool one will find only water .
You wouldn t put the TV on top of the dresser .
Tigers do not go through metamorphosis .
Blankets do not contain text .
Lotus growing in the water
Televisions are non transparent physical objects
nose is used for breathing
Bears are not an aquatic animal .
Statues are not designed for blocking movement but barriers are .
Most people do not enjoy reading in a loud busy environment because of a decrease in concentration .
Babies are human beings and not pets that may be put in a cage .
An employer of a firm is a person that pays people to work so usually it is unlikely that there are 500 employers .
Panda s don t come in blue and green .
Pyjamas should not be worn outside your home .
A fridge does not play music
Taiwan does not have any glaciers .
Eraser is used to erase pencil marks and it cannot cut things
You can t play with a tv
Sloth is noted for slowness movement
It is too dangerous to read and drive at the same time .
no one s skin is in blue color
Hands do not produce sound when they vibrate .
There is no such thing as gravy pipes gravy is a food item .
Frozen situation is in very low temperature
Working is never pointless .
Goldfish are not mammals .
the sea is too deep to wade across for human
Cactus is not a place to live .
five finger shoes can only old a max of five toes
Birds are smaller than human .
You cannot eat a water heater .
Humans don t eat fork
Police station is not a place to go after met an accident .
Snow only falls from the sky when it s cold
with stones we can not build a bonfire
rats are much smaller than human
A regular use of a stone does not require freezing .
the water should be no color or smell when it is clean
Rugs are not used on hats
Bakery is a place where we can t see the elephants .
Hospitals are where sick people go to get trreatment and not a place for shopping .
You don t eat ice out of a container cup .
Sleeping is not an offence .
Eating the boss would be cannibalism .
February has only 29 days at most .
A sea is not a solid object so can t be thrown .
Dirty water will make a wound infected and make it take longer to heal .
A fish cannot be put on the chair because it has no water .
The hair salon is not the dentist s office .
Cars cannot be mowed
A goat is to small to be ridden .
Tears are not something fans can keep .
Lions eat meat and not herbs .
Nails cannot be eaten on a sandwich
eating reduces hungry
Most people want more money
volume is turned up when music is not audible
People s hair turns gray as they get older .
Lions eat meat .
The person in charge needs to do a lot .
A flower grows on a planet .
Water freezes under zero degree so it will never freeze when the temperature was 100 degree .
The sun does not move the earth rotates .
Wind is not a mass that can cover something .
Clothes will leak water down
Dinasaurs were extinct long before parks existed .
Pickles aren t ingredients used in banana bread
The can t made the t shirt wet .
Oil does not provide the required ingredients
A computer is a machine not an animal
shoes are worn on the feet to walk
The kitchen sink is smaller and harder to get into than the bathtub .
Coup cannot be eat .
Popcorn doesn t cook in cold temperature .
FRIENDS ALWAYS LIKE TO ANOTHER FRIENDS
Cats cannot drive .
ornamental glass is always wortful
piano is an instrument that can not be danced to
Book is made from paper to read while food can be only cooked .
Piano s are not living creatures .
A school area has young people around so you have to drive at low speed .
You cant smoke a cigarette between your legs
A ship doesn t usually feature a big pile of poop .
Dogs are not capable of sending emails .
Birds don t hunt dogs
Beds are made for sleeping on top of .
socks don t fit on drums
water alone cannot kill the germs completely
Microscopes are used to see small objects up close and magnified .
The mall is not a place to review lessons .
A battle tank is bigger than a car .
Serial killers are known for killing people therefore they are not safe .
The lion does not loves to eat to dirt .
Helping others does not usually get you arrested .
You don t put porkipines in a fridge .
The earth is only 30 land
Alcohol paralyzes the brain and prohibits driving .
sun glasses does not correct vision problems
Sleep can give people energy
Staring at an electronic screen for periods of time can damage a teenager s eyesight .
Exercise uses energy .
We cannot travel to the sun and the sun does not have towels .
People who eat cakes should not eat more cakes because if they do they will gain weight .
you can to to the restaurant to eat food
Dogs do not chase toothbrushes .
Giraffes are animals that cannot be smoked
restaurant is a place to eat . Bath needs to go to bathroom .
Apples are oil free .
stick is not hollow to absorb the liquid .
Committed war crimes does not need to unplugged her phone .
A person feels his stomach is empty when he is hungry .
It is very strange to have beer for breakfast although not unheard of .
You cannot fit a truck in a car .
Elephant is much bigger than bed cannot hide under the bed .
Kite can fly only limited distance but plane run on engine so it can fly high .
An elephant is to big to hid under a couch .
Tire are not made to run train tracks .
He cannot be that tall
LIGHT CANT HEARD
Football shoes have good traction on a field but will create friction on a wooden court .
toilet is not a place of money transfer to borrow
A wand is used for make believe magical spells .
gun is not a shooter
There is no grass in the bathroom
ice cream usually can t be kept when it is hot
It s an honor to be accepted by the prestigious school MIT .
Tigers are big cats and cannot be caught whilst fishing .
binocular is not something people would wear
Baskets can hold food but not keep it fresh
You don t eat roast beef for dessert .
A measuring tape is used to measure the distance not clock
CEment is a hard service that doesn t usually leave a trace
Babies cannot be fed with a table .
If you re blind you can t see .
Rabbits are herbivores therefore don t hunt deer
Chairs have at least three legs .
A television is powered by electricity .
Dogs cannot be driven .
Microwave is used only for cooking .
corn is a food item
Men only have 2 arms .
Cups have no way to transmit writing to paper .
Assuming Lin likes her brothers she would be sad to be left out by them .
people go to gym to workout not museum
Sharks are carnivores and eat meat .
Milk should not keep in the freezer .
The job of a cook is to cook food .
Trees never have blue leaves .
There can be only six sides to a true square .
Gasoline is not edible .
Nobody is happy in a bad day
I can buy everything in USD in the US .
Electronics and water do not mix . .
You go to a restaurant to eat
You cannot buy a store from a ham .
Monsters are scary for children .
This is actually true !
Water does not scratch people it is too yielding for that .
Dolphins live on earth in aquatic environment and breath air while the moon has neither water nor air .
A book cannot feel the taste .
Dirty laundry goes in the washing machine not the dishwasher .
a cake is not able to withstand the weight of a table .
A stone is an inanimate object
Although they are both identically sized pieces of paper a 100 bill still has more monetary value .
Kitchen is usually a place to cook food and cannot conduct a party
Talking would not make a dog move down the street .
If you don t take an umbrella you will be caught in the rain and your clothes will get wet .
you can t fit a fridge in a purse
Chickens give birth to chicks and not human babies .
Ice melts so it cannot be a car .
You cannot fly a cycle like you can an airplane .
The job of driving is done by the driver .
Pears don t grow on apple trees .
The forecast itself does not influence anything .
These animals do not belong in a park
Test messages require an electric signal which lunch boxes don t provide .
Friendship is not based upon physical characteristics
spoon is a kitchen utensil used to eat food
A book shop does not sell dresses .
There arent any big enough to fit a head .
A train is too heavy to be picked up .
You cannot attach your pet in an email
If my aunt has a very small property she is poor not rich strictly
Game handle is popular only among game lovers
Horses do not fly .
To be health one should eat fruit .
Turtles are not a mode of transportation .
Mars is too far away for a plane to fly too .
Phone rings will disturb people who are concentrating on reading .
Lions cannot be sea animals because they live on land
It is not possible to transform into a tree .
Books have pages and words to read while windows do not and serve a different purpose .
There are no tables in an ocean .
there are no shops in the park to buy presents
a brush is for brushing teeth
No one with a heart laugh at such tragedy
An elephant is large enough to be seen by the human eye .
Shower sponge cannot used to brush the teeth .
Lying is generally considered something worthy of punishment .
Birds do not go on spring break .
The west is on the opposite side from the sun rise .
a mandible is part of the jaw which you can t shake
Monkeys eat fruit and are primarily vegetarians and don t eat humans .
dinosaurs extinct on the earth
The fastest person crosses the finish line first .
Some people were born with no legs and some others lost them during their lives .
Fish do not fly .
People will be angry if you curse them
MOVIE IS FOR WATCHING NOT FOR FLYING AND EATING
you can do whatever you want after graduating high school
Daniel isn t related biologically to his step father .
Lions do not attend meetings .
It s dangerous to jump from the fourth floor
Hope is not a tangible item that can be bought .
Buttons are on shirts but not on chickens
happy is a feeling not a product
A lake cannot support a person walking on it .
Phones are not sold at rock concerts
A dolphin can t live outside the ocean .
Humans do not hibernate .
Looking at a phone won t allow us to see dangers .
Two plus two equals four .
A truck is a lot larger than a car especially for a small garage
microscope can t be used to see things far away from us
Stones are too hard to eat .
There are other ways to know a book like listening to storytelling .
birthday is not a wedding day
the bicycle fit in his car but the bookshelf no longer fits in his trunk
Sand can not be mixed with water .
You don t put cigarettes between your legs
A car can t help a friend who lives thousands of miles away deliver a message
People of many nationalities like kimchi .
Seawater can t carry airplanes
Dinosaurs are extinct .
The moon is too far away to be touched .
because people do not sleep for 20 hours a day unless they are newborns
There is not time on people s ass
Cannot drive the car on to the roof . So it s not possible to park on the roof
The boat can not be used to cross the street .
Caves are not food .
There is no water for fish to live in at a landfill
People do not play with dinosaurs .
restaurants sell food
Computers need professional people to fix them not plumbers
The sky is made of water oxygen and not diamonds .
a zebra is not a cleaning implement
China has the largest population in the world
Basketballs cannot cook anything .
Penguins live in the antarctic .
Thirty people cannot fit into a small sedan .
There are many people who like cats and live with cats .
Studying hard helps you work towards graduating .
You cannot wear a car .
people is not burgers .
Cars are larger than pots and are not something you replant .
A watch can be worn but a mailbox cannot be worn .
Dogs cannot sing .
Kitchen cannot read by the frank .
Smoke is not healthy so spitting it into one s face is bad for health .
sock is not a vehicle
Planes are far too large to squish by a human sitting on
There are no provisions for roasting in a fridge .
A house can t be moved into a barn .
Worms are small enough to fit down a bird s throat .
Small box can t contain big box
You cannot use a knife to eat liquid .
Smoking is harmful to health and can cause cancer .
Lions eat flesh and do not suck blood
A MOUSE EATS CHEESE AND FEEDS IT TO THE MICE .
Leopards are consumers
fixed telephones don t need programs .
Jello is not strong enough to be used as a bat .
A dog leash is for a dog not a person .
Cats cannot do yard work .
Cats are never smoked .
swimming is a sport not novel
A snow scraper would only be needed if it were snowed but not for power on the car
Water gun can t fire
Sneakers are not suitable for skating .
MILK IS USED FOR DRINK NOT FOR CAR ENGINE
tire cannot be square in shape
Vet is not a mechanic to check his bike
The sun is bigger than the space between the earth and the moon .
Boat is used to commute in water bodies not in land .
Trucks cannot fly
Birds do not live in the sea .
JAMES SON IS NOT A DOG TO GO WITH HIS WALK
Trees don t grow in space .
You cannot drive a ball point pen .
Pandas are an endangered species .
A wall is opaque so it is impossible to see through one to the other side .
No son can exceed his own father in age .
you do not need sneakers to swim
Stones do not have feelings .
Driver is a person who drives an automobile
Make up makes someone more beautiful .
You cannot watch a show on a pillow .
A baby cannot take a bus alone .
WEDDING PARTY IS NOT A BIRTHDAY PARTY
You don t take the school bus to the hospital .
Potatoes are dug up .
no one can be alive in the fridge
Speeding in a school zone is dangerous to school children .
computer don t have hands to catch itself
we can order the food from looking at the menu not the chefs
no one can cook in the garden
A pineapple is not a vehicle nor an animal .
Ferret is a animal not likely to find in a candy house .
You need a tub to take a bath .
stone is not a food to eat
Poisons are not common ingredients for desserts .
Cultural relics are so precious that they can t be put in the toilet .
Policeman is not a place to have a notice .
trains are a slow mode of transportation
Humans must sleep to survive .
Boiling water is the opposite of cold .
Fast food is bad for your health
Mapping software is useless for language .
a stadium is meant fro recreational activities
people can not run a brick only throw it
dogs are not able to talk
Studying it will improve the results
you can t drive a person
Blue whale is too bulky
This is an inverse birth order and biologically impossible .
Trees are too big to fit in cups
A bus cannot go to ISS .
Reaching the cabinet while being tall is what you want .
Books are not edible .
Two plus two does not equal five .
medical treatment need pap test
Minute hands are the long hands .
toilet is not a place to take a course
Children are not a drink to be brewed .
Cutting off toes is unnecessary and can be disabling
A giraffe is not sold at a supermarket
Sauce is used in making food not for the air we breathe .
The car engine does not have the milk .
If a person is a musician that does not mean they are able to perform surgery
His dog cannot support his weight .
You can t swim in a skate park
Cars do not fly .
A knife can hurt a person s mouth .
Nails are not nice to sit on .
Hurting people is illegal
The sea is too deep to wade across .
Monkeys are naughty and light . They are not suitable for human grinding .
the plumbing bill has nothing to do with the television
Machines have bugs
Water is a liquid
Crab and chocolate don t go together
Air conditioning copes with temperature not numbers .
It is not possible for a person to be a potato .
Concrete cannot be eaten
Antarctic is unfit for plants
Books are read in college not used as transportation .
A house does not have arms .
table is not alive to write the text
exercise will consume energy .
Toothbursh are for cleaning things and not for painting .
stone doesn t remove dirt from our body
A clothing closet cannot hang up a car .
A criminal is not allowed to look after a country .
Roses are not green
Dolphins are not currency .
The moon revolves around the earth .
Wolves fur is not used for clothing .
Nails are not a liquid
People do not eat banana peels
Stone can t be used as food
Washing powder probably should not be used to treat bleeding injuries .
Dog can t feed .
birds don t eat coins
It takes money to buy tickets by train .
Fruits come from plants and beef comes from a cow .
Paper is not a liquid .
Crocodiles cannot appear in the park
only tools are sold in a hardware store
When people are old their hair doesn t have the pigment that makes their hair red
static blades cannot give lifting force
Money is needed to buy ice cream
a bomb is dangerous for a person
it is impossible to exist dragons in real lives
You cannot travel by bird .
Boats are not usually found at race tracks .
Plastic isn t edible
Bananas are typically only yellow and green and everwhere in between those two colors .
floor is hard .
The moon is not broken and does not get fixed
Drinking hot water in hot weather can be dangerous .
Rock music have nothing to do with dishes
Boats can not sail on sand as it is solid .
The scent of a chair does not influence it s ability to fit under a desk
The density of the stone is bigger than the water
You read books you can t write with them
Tigers are not eaten by most humans .
Eggs are not clothing .
Computers don t have any emotion
Motor oil is not a salad topping .
UFOs do not have beliefs .
A father does not go to the bar when he is ill because he physically is not able to go anyplace .
Football is not a rectangle ball game played between four teams of eleven players on a field .
Chickens are too small to eat Tigers .
Bad music is hard to please listerners
A roof is a part of a house .
Library is not a place where we cannot go to work out our bodies .
Three meters has beyond the highest man in the world
pianist only plays the piano
calculator is a device for mathematical calculation
She would have bad grades skipping class .
pizza is a solid food
Tiger is too enormous
Green lights mean go .
A car cannot be parked in a park or play area
Eighty seconds is not a long period of time .
sun is hot and makes the earth warm not cold
Men do not menstruate and a brother is a male .
A person would not throw away an apple that was fresh because it is fine to eat .
Blood pressure is not usually tested by a driver .
Ghosts are not associated with labor day
short sighted people need glasses to read and write .
Bricks don t have words
A famine caused by improved food production is highly unlikely
no one likes eating shoes
Plants cannot listen to your parents
parrot is a bird trained as pets .
Doctors don t use microscopes only lab technicians .
Rabbit can t talk
The moon has almost no oxyen so a dog could not live there .
The car cannot the car on the floor .
grill is for cooking the food not cars
you might die if you eat some fish raw
Good looks has nothing to do with success .
The bucket would be an ineffective sweeping tool .
If you don t want to get wet when it rains you need an umbrella .
Butterflies do not come from eggs .
The bus is a logical way of traveling while a hot air balloon is not .
An office is for working not entertainment .
Dogs do not like to be alone
you listen to the radio and don t read it
the car was drive in road
Doctor treats people and not bicycle
None of those things are used in football other than grass .
Mobile phones are an inanimate object
A book is for reading not keeping track of time .
A is not an example of a prgramming
having a wife wouldn t impact getting a PhD
BATHROOM IS NOT PLACE FOR COMPUTER
A camel is an animal and animals are not fruits .
People eat food and a brick is not a food and it is also too hard to chew .
A stove heats things not freezes them .
A wall is not a person and cannot be a sister .
Ironman does not have silk .
waiting to catch up is a bad idea
States are too big to put a blanket over .
Airports are places and immobile .
Spoons are for eating .
He was born with five extra toes then .
The penicillin is not used to deal with person
Apple trees are bigger than an oven
Bathrooms are not spacious or natural enough to be a walking area
Iron bars will not catch fire .
Every perspective of football looks like a circle instead of a square
Animal can not be shot with a tree .
movies should be seen and not just heard
Dishwashing liquid can not emit fragrance
Most dogs have two eyes .
Kangaroos do not live in the West .
there is no such thing called traffic water
No one can play games with bike as its not a person
A bicycle is too large to fit in a bag .
Bikes do not ride people .
A window is not edible and to big to eat
Paper is not a writing implement .
There is not a way to cure every kind of cancer yet
Silicon chip can only be made in special factories
ENGINE IS USED FOR VEHICLE NOT HEALTH
Smoke alarms are sensitive to smoke not light
A well has too much water to be drunk
Dinosaurs are extinct so the statement doesn t make sense unless they re plastic or toy dinosaurs .
Stepping on the brake pedal will make the car stop
A fridge cannot fit inside a chicken nor would anyone try to make such a thing happen .
ten minus three equals seven not eight
Tankers cannot carry steel efficiently .
One has no right to take out human life .
Traffic police do not stand guard at home as their homes are safe and without moving cars .
Chemistry has been very beneficial to medical development .
Car can not be spilled
Refugees are poor
People don t watch matches hoping their team will lose
Dishwasher can not be driven it is only used for washing .
Masks aren t something to put on your eyes to make your vision clearer .
A cat cannot live in water .
Only football is played in a football field .
SPOON IS USED FOR EAT NOT FOR EYES
A laundry is for washing clothes
Supermen cannot be created by science only alien worlds .
The restaurant is very noisy and unsuitable for reading but the library is suitable .
A market is not a place for a somebody recovering from a illness
Chickens don t have waterproof feathers and do not swim so they would not be in a pond .
Tests are created by teachers to assess the learning of students they are not created by the students .
There is no answering function for the MP3 .
There is no twenty five o clock in our time schedule .
Only people can be vegetarian
the sunscreen only protects radiation
You can t drink petrol
Bears are dangerous
There is nothing living on the moon .
A truck is bigger than a tooth .
Volcanoes would kill a bird because it is too hot .
The requirement for entering a high school is to finish primary school
Buses carry people not rocks to their destinations .
A sport involves physical activity
A skyscraper is to big to run over with a car .
Sewage is a form of bodily waste
few people shape ice into tubes .
Space is a vacuum
birds have no gills thus can only breathe in air
every babies have a father
Bread does not eat anything especially people .
There are no books on restaurants
Trees cannot survive in the desert .
There are multiple cases in which traditional culture goes against ethics moral and common sense .
A jackhammer is not an eating utensil .
Doctors fix people not computers
Elephants are land animals that cannot fly .
Short sleeves will not keep you warm in the winter .
As the saying goes know yourself and know your enemy .
A chihuahua is to small to ride .
The water drops are too heavy for the wind to transport it too far .
You can t read a desk .
CAR IS BIGGER THAN VENDING MACHINE
Trees are not a unit of measure
Dogs are short animals
A brick will smash my toast .
Dad didn t have the money to fly in a spaceship .
dogs are pets humans are not pets to dogs
Buses are larger then a desk .
a carpet cannot lift people in the air to travel
blender is not part of car
basketball is not for frying eggs .
A thermostat measures temperature .
There are never trains in a school .
A ship is a big vessel
porn is not something you watch in public
A bowls edge is not sharp enough to cut a salad so we use it to hold food instead .
knife will pierce the bag .
Light bulbs are small and basketballs are big .
Wires are not used by girls to tie their hair .
Stones are hard and will not melt because of heat .
Older people have a weaker immune system
Fish survive in water and would die in the desert .
If you enter the United States illegally you are not a legal citizen
A movie would not help someone when they are traveling to another country .
Tablets has on ink and cannot print .
A moth does not walk .
Leaves grow in spring and fall in autumn
Lightening is bright and lights up the sky so it could not make the city dark .
Policemen work at the precinct .
Autumn is the season when leaves fall off trees and not spring .
Teacher can only teach the student not taught by them .
Cars don t have any feelings .
Not bathing makes you dirty .
Most cars do not having tracking technology
A parent would never praise their son for stealing .
You need to close your eyes and not laugh to rest .
you shouldnt eat in class
Ambulances save injured people not tanks .
The game doesn t go until someone scores it goes until time runs out .
Circus tent is not a place to sleep by the doctor .
Pizza is made with food ingredients .
Light is the faster physician fenomen
A tailor could learn tailoring skills by watching TV but he can only tailor by his own hands .
Tornados are not physical objects .
There is almost no water in the desert .
the sun is many millions of miles away and so is not accessable to animals
There aren t dresses sold in a book shop .
A bedpan is too small to sleep in .
toilets are used for getting rid of human waste
Lake can not provide enough float
An ice car would melt .
Glasses frames have no effect on myopia .
Rich people only can buy homes poor people can t .
City walls are built to be functional and provide protection .
You do not get scared by watching happy movies you get happy .
Standing on a cat will probably crush and kill the cat .
Cats have four feet
Only birds have wings .
A police is a person not to stole the goods .
An insult should make you mad .
People could get seriously hurt by driving after drinking .
At lessons of calculus don t learn to dance
A play is a story told by acting it out .
Barbers cannot not make coats shorter
Fish live in water and would die on the ground
A college is not a hospital .
Man is a conscious object
A concord is a kind of agreement .
Monkeys cannot climb the air
A cat cannot fit in a pencil case .
trees can t move itself
It s against traffic rules to drive after drinking
doctor is not a lawyer
House key cannot start a vehicle .
A helmet is for your head not your knees .
Shoes are not meant for consumption and generally do not taste good therefore there is no reason to put them in one s mouth .
Dragonflies do not have the ability to collect honey
An ostrich will not fit in the microwave .
Jumping is not enough exercise .
a car is too big to catch in your hands
Usually people visit bank for financial services
The sun is to far for someone to throw a ball into .
Ordinary clothing would not provide the types of protection necessary for survival in space .
Engineers are not qualified as well as not allowed to cure people
All liquids will no work with a bike tank
A grandfather can t also be the grandson of the same person .
You find students in a school
RIVERS MOVE TOWARDS DOWN
He copied the notes .
A refrigerator removes warmth from the air .
gloves to keep our hands warm and protect them from the elements .
making up constantly doesn t usually make people ugly
smoking kills you .
Bacteria has been shown to not grow when submitted to heat .
People watch movies to see something and not ingest it .
You learn to dance in a ballet class not to eat .
A mop is not able to clean the atmosphere .
You do not eat rocks .
Mammoths are extinct .
He cannot clean his house with washing machine .
Because a giraffe is significantly taller than a human
a fridge cannot be driven like a car .
Chocolate is not a good material for use in pencils
Mobile phones have no hands to move tables
she can not wear a car
you eat carrots
Lebron Hames does not play football .
Teapots are not clothing
This would make you sick .
Nobody smokes cilantro .
people cannot put houses on their shoulder
Dogs cannot fly
Vegetables are good for you .
Grieved would mean his mother wasn t kind .
A desk is used as a hard surface to write at .
Milk powder has no function of cleaning teeth .
There are no people living on the moon
We cant wrote calculator because it is a device used for arithmetic operation .
There is no black apple in this world . If its there then it will artificial one
Buckets cannot clean rooms
A cake is a solid not a liquid .
A dog can not buy food and people do not eat dog food
A tiger can t fit in the oven
The reef is already in the ocean
A teacher has much more knowledge than a student
doorknob is a non living thing
Eating food makes people feel full but not hungry
sand is not to eat
listening to music is not a crime
No one can control the weather themselves .
GIRAFFES ATE ONLY LEAVES
Birthday bloom cannot be ate .
Knives are not bought at a clothing store .
Seems like that would not be a china name .
A fridge is not a sentient creature and cannot want anything .
Swears are a form of words that are not worth any money .
He would die if he did that
Driverless cars are so well programmed that they move more swiftly that cars driven by humans
Combs are used for hair and not a car .
MUFFIN MEANS SMALL SO ITS SUITABLE FOR CAT
Windows should be closed during storms .
The classroom is kept quite during the class
human cannot live on mars
Bicycles are driven by manpower
Ship is in the dock
tables don t have feelings
lawyer did not turn into the doctor
a level is a part not a machine itself
Pittsburgh is a not a bed to sleep on .
You cannot access a supermarket in a car .
Libraries are quiet places where books are commonly read and studied .
No one can play guitar with nose
Essays are not edible .
People who are afraid of water will not dive in the sea
A TV set can t be used to make clothes .
Warfare kills people
barbecues are in gardens or yards not in the middle of television programs
Painting requires one to use paints .
Babies do not drive cars .
the toys are so interesting that kids love to play with them
logs are not mobile
Starbucks is a coffee shop not a theatre
Video games do not provide educational value
For cooking we require pots cylinder gas stove etc that we don t find in toilet .
Air cannot be watched .
A lion cannot be found in Antarctica .
If someone stole your horse you would go to the police not the doctor
Cat is a mammal
paper cannot reflect .
An elephant and a nightingale are two different species .
Sunlight darkens people
Doors is not a thing to move from one place to another place .
A motorcycle is heavy and would sink in water .
Fire will burn a fish
ICE IS NOT SUITABLE FOR TO START GRILL
A person cannot easily change their gender .
There isn t a camera on headphones .
Lovers not always bond to marry .
He d be spending more money instead of saving money if he bought a lot of cherries when the price skyrocketed .
Usually we use the word hop to describe a rabbit s gait
the clothes will not dry in the bedroom as it s inside
Apple doesn t sell food but cell phones
A class may cover many different subjects .
You can t dip into beef
A traffic jam causes one to be late due to the sitting in traffic so she could not get home soon but late .
That would destroy both items
Humans cannot photosynthesize
Bacon is cooked on the stove not the sink .
NOTEBOOK IS A OBJECT IT S NOT A DRINK SO IT CANNOT DRINK
loud voice of speaker can bother others .
You cannot blow fire into a balloon without breaking it .
conditioner makes hair soft and shiny but not clean
Nobody wipes their mouth on the ground .
There is no food at swimming pools
cheetah is not a human to ride a bike
You cannot take in food through your hands as it has no openings .
A chair is a single seat .
Islamic people have dietary restrictions due to their beliefs .
Bicycle relies on two wheel movements
Not all tableware can be put into the microwave for heating
he wouldn t be punished for studying well
Guns don t create bullets .
No vegetable soup contain chicken
A bath tub is not a vehicle .
Teacher remuneration tends to increase according to their experience and professional qualifications .
Cold is the opposite of hot .
Oil cannot be digested
One does not go to a party to study .
People laugh when they re happy
eyes are used to see
Recorder keeps the track of the every day happenings .
It is not a good idea to put food in a toolbox along with tools .
Worst people don t study .
A hippo is too big to trip over .
It is dangerous to drink petrol
Pay exhausts energy sources built up .
Most birds build nests in trees and sleep in them .
The broom would break if you hit a baseball with it
People aren t likely to be cheered up by a sad story .
Very short nails do not scratch .
A roof is not a safe place to sleep .
We usually sleep on bed .
fruit shops are unlikely to have a thousand dollars petty cash for withdrawal
Alaska is more north than Hawaii .
You can t call people with iron .
LION WEB IS NOT WEB
Can only put notes on the fridge
Human need food and will die if they don t for a prolong period .
Slapping a child would not make them stop crying
rulers are not instruments of writing
Running requires more energy .
A balloon does not give off much light at all .
The north pole is at the northern hemisphere and snows in June .
A pocket knife has many uses because it has a blade and can cut things like food or wood .
Pencils are used to write with they do not protect from rain .
Cats cannot sing .
air is not alive and can t run
Lion s are wild animals and cannot be walked
Warm not cold water is used for noodles .
A liquid cannot be in a solid form .
Washing clothes is called laundry .
Dinosaur does not find in the court .
It is against the rules for athletes to use stimulant
Toothbrush is not a tool to take photo .
Platypuses do not go through a metamorphosis .
People don t attack their idols .
Buying a new bike can not solve the problem that your phone is broken
Babies don t drive .
Salt would begin dissolving in a moist place .
You cannot go out if you are already out .
Stars is much bigger than the pot .
Cars are not spherical
you give food to animals not fire you must not harm them
Bracelets are worn on the wrist .
People usually sweat when they walk under the sun
Spicy dish does not requires too much salt to add .
Salt makes our body thirsty
Opening the window would allow the rain water to get into the house and perhaps damage it .
the rule is to buy tickets first and then take the bus
A television is fragile .
The chairman of China is not named Li Keqiang .
Garbage trucks don t fly .
A whale cannot fly as it does not have wings .
Bulemia is not everyone s suffering
Oil can t clean up stains
a knife is much sharper than a brush .
There are many holes in the screens .
cat doesn t have that much intelligence and muscle power
Sharks cannot have purposes because they cannot think
Water containing sugar would be sweet .
Book is not an edible thing
Chickens are too small to eat a lion
Nobody massages hedgehogs .
Water has no fixed shape
The desert has no water .
A pen can not start a car
Giraffe dosnt fly but walks
flower can not run towards ball
There was a hole in the ceiling of the closet .
No one can feel cool sitting in hot sun .
Books go on a shelf .
Policeman would not rob a gallery
Clothes are only washed by water .
A strong wind will blow people uncomfortable but not life threatening .
Nobody can hold an elephant to drop
Smoothies are made in a blender .
Water helps you get wet not dry off .
Clouds are too far away to touch .
the tiger usually lives in the wild .
Honey does not cause fire
People cannot fly .
Animals cannot operate a camera .
Acid burns the body touch
you have to peddle a bike not put fuel in it
RAINBOWS APPEAR AFTER RAIN AND SOMETIMES THUNDERSTORMS .
a whale is much larger than a monkey and cannot walk on land
Mud is not edible .
Dictionaries are heavy books that a baby cannot lift or take .
metal is not a good source of nutrition for breakfast
Breaking windows is vandalism not cleanliness
When angry a person might not react rationally and if the sensitive subject is brought up the anger may escalte for no good reason .
montains do not fit in a kennels
Junk food is bad for health .
Soap isn t made to be used on books
lungs are in the chest
Polar bears do don t fly .
There is no water on a plane to swim in
Air is invisible
Watermelon contains no poison .
Encourage must give to enhance the good and positive qualities
park is a place and tree is a plant
Parking is not a place to park the horse .
When people treat you nicely it is generally reciprocated .
Gas cannot be inflated in the handbag .
ENGLISH IS A LANGUAGE
The gym doesn t have a dry cleaner
Milkshake cannot be eat .
There isn t enough room for thirty people in a sedan
Kilograms are a measure of mass not electricity .
Ice cream is kept refrigerated .
Salmon does not work as a light bulb
The tuna cannot feed the cat some food .
Breathing air will not cause someone to drown .
Beef is not a kind of sauce
Your head is attached to the rest of your body .
You don t eat dinner at the library
Rockets are used for shooting into the air
Iron man sprays sparks into the air as his metal scrapes the ground silk is too soft of a medium for his super hero work .
The pocket does not fit in the keys
You cant fly a notebook
Trees can t pick apples from people .
Rainbows are made from water and light .
Flash does not follow the thunder .
ovens do not have water to soak dishes
It is always cool in winter .
cooking a computer would destroy it .
The auction won t make everyone happy .
Employer keeps employees for their company it is possible that a firm can have 1 5 employers but not 500 .
a monkey eats banana not beans
knife is a metal
Wind cannot provide enough energy to power a car .
Aspirin does not affect blood sugar .
Through research and medical advances people are living longer than they ever have .
Bricks are manmade and used to build houses and other buildings
The desert can not flow
Butterflies transition from caterpillars using a cocoon not an egg .
Delicious food cannot harm anybody .
Satan is not a person to ask a new tricycle .
You go to laundromats to wash clothes .
Detergent is used for laundry not hair .
The light can bring brightness
Toothpaste should not be eaten .
The moon is not within reachable distance .
Pliers are for grabbing .
It s not his girlfriend s problem .
Horses neigh and do not bark
One does not go the concert of a singer if he dislikes him .
Snakes don t frolic in the ocean .
A house cannot fit into a trash bin .
barbecue cannot be made by water spray gun .
sugar is not contained in seawater
DESERT IS NOT A BACKPACK
A giraffe would not fit inside a car .
A zoo is not on the roof of an apartment building .
Spiders have eight eyes .
hotel provides rooms not ships .
A tree cannot be planted on paper .
The books would get wet in the washing machine .
stick is made of wood and wood is not sharp like metal .
There is no use for a store to buy rotten milk
If you are scared you usually don t laugh
We don t call something square a ball .
chair cannot walk
There s only 168 hours in a week .
No dog can dance to music spontaneously .
Toothpaste is meant to clean teeth and will not have the same result on cloth .
Fish cannot fly .
The sky is blue .
You have to have money to buy something .
Dolphins cant walk from one area to another .
the dryer does not clean clothes
Absence from school is a negative trait and negatively affects students
Paper is not edible .
Going to the cinema is a seeing and hearing experience in which you cannot just listen to movies .
Pot roasts are usually cooked for dinner not breakfast as it is not the right type of food for breakfast .
A cow is an animal and not a musical instrument
cola hasn t been scientifically proved to overcome disasters
The morning is not usually when people are trying to fall asleep .
A hair care article is informative and not funny .
according to the physical properties of water its boiling point is 100 degrees Celsius
Mechanics don t work underwater they fix cars above ground .
distance doesn t equal speed
trains don t fit in there
A ghillie suit is for niche purpose .
You need heat to cook .
Matter is not a living human and can not change anything
Flying a kite doesn t give you food to eat .
no one can eat tuning forks .
For ice to become water it must be heated on a cold day it can not heat up .
saloon is not a place for eat
it is not safe to eat pork raw .
paper usually product from wood
That much weight cannot be lost that quickly .
The introduction is the first thing .
People would have bad feelings about unfriendly people
Eyebrows are not painted
Mushrooms don t have feet they use underground roots to secure and feed themselves
Sharks are an ocean animal that live in water and because land is dirt etc and not water sharks are unable to exist on land .
Mount Everest is the highest mountain in the world
Giraffe s are to tall to fit in a backpack .
Your feet are used for the brake and gas pedal not the steering wheel .
ice cream is a cold item
In the summer we feel very hot and want to cool ourselves .
you can t watch a DVD that has been snapped in half
Both a house and a barn are sort of buildings and you don t build them one inside the other .
You cannot fly a tractor .
Stones are not edible things to be kept inside burgers .
Groceries cannot be dishwasher .
Oils is not good to drink .
Coffee does not belong in the oven .
We keep cheese in the ice box .
This only happens in the spring
The earth is round .
sea water has mineral of salt
A dog can not hold a person
monkeys can t swim in the sea
A kitchen is where you cook food and it doesn t have a bath in it .
concord means peace and agreement .
Water is a liquid and a lubricant .
black pigments are colours
Talking big is a way to rub things in peoples faces .
Umbrellas are not clothes
Teachers are senior than students they have only rights given by school administration to select class representatives .
The tiger runs faster than the man
Dumbbells are not edible
Detergent is for fabric not skin
Cats cannot swim in the lake .
An exam does not take place in a cafe .
A building is too large to throw .
Cows are herbivores .
Star cannot be come out from a hole .
Sun normally offuscates the moon
Dolphins have no hair
A pig is not a vehicle and cannot be driven .
Taking stimulants is usually illegal in proffessional sports .
Dogs usually have very keen hearing .
An equal right to protest is implicit in general equality .
Children are human and cannot be brewed like coffee
Hamburgers are round .
human cannot build a planet now
the opposite or you re a genius but you need to study to get good grades
exam is about testing not having apple pie
Gasoline is not edible
A face palm would not be a way to show appreciation .
apple is usually eaten with peel
if you sit on a lamp it will break
People usually close their doors and windows at night
Tree does not walk .
necklace is for wearing around neck not for waist
Dogs cannot drive a car .
Bikes don t go in post boxes
plants cannot talk
Computers are too large to fit into a pocket .
Human meat is not appropriate food for humans
Desk can t hold water
If you are hungry you should eat instead of rest .
Bathrooms don t pay anything
Only 24 hours a day
The ISS is orbiting in space high above the earth and can only be reached by a space ship or rocket .
I cannot drive to work from bed .
A cafeteria only feeds people .
An oven does not have the ability to contain and boil water alone
stick is not sharp enough
too many pills is bad for people s health .
Sheep are herbivores so they never eat meat .
When you are born you are 1 day old and cannot be 10 years old .
apes and monkeys are primates
Fire is hot therefore it would not prevent someone from being hot to death
helicopters fly
The concept of happiness is intangible and cannot be purchased
You can eat food at restaurants or buy ready made meals at stores .
The tsunami will destroy houses
A groceries store does not sell materials for building a house
Light music is soft and relaxing and thus doesn t have strong beats .
Sword cannot be deposited in the atm .
garbage is a non living thing
The sun only rises in the east and not from the west .
Animals can t talk they can t talk to people .
A book does not have any ink so it cannot be used as a writing implement .
Shells are hard and would injure you if you tried to eat them .
Mary may not be her own mother .
A banana is a soft fruit with no hard core .
kids want to impress humans not elepahnts
small thing does not need charge
Non governmental employers generally do not tax their employees .
The prisoner cannot be set free if he is dead .
Alcohol is very poisonous for infants to ingest .
You re not allowed to smoke on planes nowadays
Airplanes are used to fly
A comb is used to style hair .
A television can be turned on but a sock cannot be turned on .
You do not get your legs dirty when you eat .
Straws are for drinking .
Polar bears are solitary animals
we use "talk big " to describe a person brags .
A tree does have the material to make petroleum .
Almost human named Pamela are female
Pizza does not grow on trees .
A coar cannot lift someone up .
People don t sing for all holidays
Water does not impair your driving .
WEDDING IS NOT A FUNERAL
Cows only eat grass .
Waiters are solid
gold can t be harder than diamonds
Jello is a soft food and cannot be a bat .
house not participate in race because its unmovable
Sick people cannot be taken to the park .
there s few clouds in a clear day
cooker is not transport vehicle to travel office
Restaurants are for dining .
Pillows are solid not liquid .
Vehicle lights don t wipe rain water off the windscreen .
breaking dishes doesn t generate praise
Cars are usually much slower than planes .
Bars generally have age limits much higher than 5 years old on the clientele they will serve .
An oven is not used for paying bills
Trees do not run .
People cannot get anywhere by sleeping .
Cutting machine is an equipment used to cut the clothes .
Milk enhances height .
Ham isn t a musical instrument .
a car is less buoyant than a boat
Science says the human body is mainly made of water .
Cats are animals and can t grow on a plant
A book is not sharp enough to cut a cake .
Cooks do not work in the library
You can buy things with money .
You can t swim in lava
You need long sleeves to stay warm .
Cars cannot be planted .
February only has 27 or 30 days .
You don t put jelly in your hair . You put jelly on bread .
Iron is not edible and cannot be used to make noodles .
There can t be two suns in the sky
Plastic is not edible .
Most people don t get paid to sleep .
Warts are caused by viruses not by getting hit by cars .
no one wears shoes on hands
She cannot put the phone in the charger .
the hot water can t make people feel cooler
Wearing more clothes on a hot day will only get hotter
Money does not have the ability to effect memory .
Monsters are scary for children
Airport is a place where ships don t wait .
a grain of sand belongs to the desert instead of the opposite
Bullets are made and placed into guns .
Genetics makes you tall
Cell phones break at high heat and do not need baked .
1 bill is more worth than a 100 dollar bill .
SHOES ARE NOT EATABLE
Bats are animals not accessories to be worn .
You cannot drink a bus
There is 60 minutes in an hour
Fish cannot walk .
A funeral is only for someone who has died not for someone who is just leaving a place .
An apple is fruit it cannot be charged .
ONly cold water would cool hotness
Toilet do not have stove
bike wheal is a metal
Anemones live in water .
Superman is not a sushi chef .
Air is everywhere and human beings can t survive in areas lacking air .
Just a harmonica couldn t help joining a state
YOU CAN USUALLY FIND A PATIENT AT A HOSPITAL AND A TIGER IN THE WILD .
only a few cities have football teams
A garage is not alive and cannot be walked .
Nail salon is a place not to paint the hairs .
The Kitchen has no hardware for the collection and disposal of urine .
mountains are too big to mail .
It is impossible for humans to reach the sky without the help of aircraft gravity makes this impossible .
if silver is making for food its injurious to our health
Slow wind is harmless .
Dogs have no hands
TOP IS NOT A TOY
Seeds need water to survive
Deli s do not sell fireworks .
Bread is a food .
A bandage is used for external wounds .
criminals can t be elected officials if they are felons .
A day has only 24 hours .
Spoons are utensils used to eat with .
Trees don t grow in the Antarctic .
Streets do not perform actions .
Eye mask is used to block light from the eyes .
All doors open by pulling or pushing them vertically or horizontally
The statue of Liberty is located in New York Harbor .
Giraffes don t shop at grocery stores .
Babies need a father .
My dad only has two hands .
Knifes are not used to cut bricks
Staying up makes one tired .
Cats don t belong in freezers and they don t melt .
Ice cream has to be in the freezer
Hippos need more water to survive than a desert climate provides
Clouds are not colourful .
A club doesn t have the medical instruments to perform an antenatal
One can also get food from outside .
Plates cannot be cooked
Chicken is not a color
A lake is a still body of water it does not run .
Horses can t climb trees since they have hooves not claws .
woman are born with vaginas
No sun at night
The hardness of the glass is not enough
Lotus seeds can t fly
Milk creates bubbles when it is shaken up .
McDonalds does not provide haircuts .
An overcoat is a thick warm coat that keeps you warm in cold condition .
Google is used for search it has nothing to do with cars .
it seldom rains in a desert
sunshine increases the body temperature
a bomb cannot be legally bought
A fish cannot fly .
Cooker is to cook food
honesty and trustworthiness are qualities liked by everyone
Smoking can cause illness
Television does not need gas
Spiting anywhere will give rise to the spreading of the bacterium .
Books don t tell the time
Seawater can not be drunk directly .
You can t read a window .
if he is working he cannot spend time with his family
Traditional classrooms are structured
In our reality pigs cannot yet fly .
Clothes scattered on the floor look messy and no one will be happy in a messy environment .
Musical taste has nothing to do with how palatable a person finds a meal to be .
Bins aren t alive
No one smokes cell phone nor lit them
Dog is an animal and does not understand our language and cannot help in our office work
Water travels the path of least resistance and flows freely
Barely anyone die or get injured in the airport
Headphones can be used to listen to music .
People cry for many different reasons not only when they are angry
bank is where we save money
A radio is too hard to cut
A camel is not clothing .
The fridge cools things down not heat them up .
A restaurant provides food not medical care .
Having a low tolerance means you get drunk easily .
people only have one neck and multiple fingers
no need to inform everyday work to children
Bears would be very dangerous toys even tame ones could hurt you .
uv rays from the sun make skin darker
air conditioning uses cold air
meter are not unit of time .
Basketball class will not teach Mathematics skills .
Texas is the second largest state of the USA .
The fridge wont bake a cake
Oven is a place not to put the ice cream .
Lighting the table would cause a fire .
Scissors cannot be used to sew
Staring at a display will not hurt your legs .
A motorcycle cannot go the speed of sound .
People who bully others generally don t get a good evaluation so they don t have a good reputation .
Saving someone s life from a fire is heroic therefore getting arrested for saving someones life is nonsensical .
Hand is part of the body which cannot use to cut his hair .
You can t have a bath in a shower you need a bath tub .
Turtles can have life spans reaching over 100 years old .
If his drinking capacity was weak then he d be drunk
Playing helps to strengthen the body
The earth is round .
cristobal wants only write down
Bar is a place where people go to socialize and have fun
Mammoths are extinct .
Monkeys are living things while computers are not .
Weeds are not what make up a forest .
Apple isn t a kind of vegetables
Nobody eats carpet .
A spoon does not have a sharp edge .
firecrackers are dangerous
A box cannot contain something bigger than itself .
People begin their days in the morning and sleep when it s dark .
Liquid and solid is different status of water .
This serves no purpose and might damage the phone .
Fish and pork are meats not fruits
Food is essential to live .
Scissor is a thing which cannot be used to cut vegetables .
washing machine washes only clothes
Chickens lay eggs while in their coop .
Sharks don t live in a farm .
Who says baseball is more relaxing as other sports may be relaxing as well .
One cannot gain any knowledge by playing video games .
Millions of bananas are peeled every day .
Frames are too thin to protect from sunlight .
Drinks aren t sold at police station only bonds
alcohol in the wine is bad for our health
you don t play a country
toe doesn t have hair
The whale can swim much better than a giraffe
You can t smoke a candy bar .
a dog can t reach the moon
The dishwasher sponge and the dish is for eating food .
Apple is a fruit people eat
pandas are black and white but not blue and green
You do not score points by missing .
walking on the grass will affect the growth of grass
The word "water " doesn t relate to the rest of the statement .
Cats are not afraid of mice usually
Coffe does not pair well with coffee
Music streams are electronic and not delivered
getting insulted doesn t make anyone happy
BALL IS USED FOR PLAYING NOT FOR FLOWERS
the earth is approximately a sphere not a cube
A singer does not need a remote control to sing .
baseball bat is used to hit only baseball
toothbrush can t be eaten and as so can t be baked
The moon is round and not square .
It is too cold to do this in the north .
No one will feel happy when being laughed by others
The only penguins that live north of the equator live on the Galapagos Islands .
Lotus seeds grow in the pond water thus they would sink .
You cannot drive a bed .
New books haven t experienced the deterioration caused by time
Only small birds can fly in the sky .
It is not feasible to take a vacation to a distant galaxy .
She cannot applied lipstick on her eyes .
Bees have no hands nor does the sting boy .
the calculator cant take pictures
Temperatures in the arctic ocean below zero degrees Celsius in winter can freeze water
book is not an eatable thing
Ice cream melts in oven
boys don t wear high heeled shoes
Boys do not wear blouse
A policeman should protect the innocent against the criminal
LIVING ROOM IS NOT A BATHROOM
Horses do not fly .
Ice is a very weak material for keys and would break easily .
Robots are not alive and do not need food
china and australia are separated by vast amounts of ocean not accessable via train
The rabbit lives on the land and can not climb the tree
The sun illuminates dark rooms .
Donkey cannot put on hold .
Cupboard only contains cups and dish .
The prisoner is no longer alive so cannot be set free .
Rabbit s do not eat hair .
shower will be done only in the bath room
A rubber duck cannot penetrate a metal can .
Sulfuric acid will burn one s skin and should not be touched .
Washing hair can not resolve the problem that the hair is too long
A cook s specialty is to make meals but not do one s hair
Battlefield cannot be a safest place to stay .
People can not fly .
kites are not food .
football needs a ball not a stick .
Google is a website but not a car engine
Book is not a food
Cinemas do not give out eye prescriptions
An tiger is much bigger than a mouse trap .
Roads are for driving on and have no mechanism for washing .
Wood does not have lungs so it is incapable of breathing .
Paper would be too heavy if it were made out of iron .
oven s heat is very low to make a silicon chip .
Fish cannot leaps .
Dinosaurs died out a long time ago .
Dolphins live in seas and can t walk to your house for a visit .
You can t kill someone with cotton candy .
a giant panda cannot be a pet
Water s ability of propagating sound
A stove is used for cooking and generally very hot
Once you are dead you do not wake up .
A sword is too large to deposit .
So far there is absolutely zero evidence of life on our moon past or present .
Your parents want you to get a good grade on the exam .
Monkeys lack the patience for a hard day s work in technical theater .
cold coffee is not hot
VET IS NOT A GARDENER
There is food served at restaurants .
Factually incorrect as blinking is not tied to one s ability to live .
Men wouldn t be men if they were females .
Grandpa s are know for walking slower not at a brisk pace .
Teddy bears can t and don t need to eat food .
Playing too much games results in eyestrain and decline of eyesight .
toothpaste is for teeth and no one takes bath with it
A shower sponge isn t used for brushing your teeth .
Mount Everest is way too high to jump over .
Plants need water to live .
Appetites do not help people find jobs
No one uses a mat of iron
Dirt will make you dirtier .
In most countries schools is out for summer .
People do not live on the moon
A dynamite is too dangerous to catch
Pastors do not preach the law .
ice cream would melt in the closet
Becoming rich requires work
sky is not a property
race cannot be spun it can be run
Dirt can t be drunk .
Kites cannot provide food
an eye is not an organ
Trams don t have tires .
Horror movies are supposed to be scary not funny
Without the rain all things we need to live would die .
We do not know who will be the last because India is still a country .
Sails use the wind for propulsion .
red stone will break your teeth no matter how well grilled
Bicycles are powered by human motion .
Alcohol can be harmful in excessive portions .
People smile usually when they feel happy and satisfied but not mad .
a desert is lack of water
The sun does not appear in the night sky .
Astronauts don t need money to live
A phone cannot commit war crimes
Flowers don t bloom all year .
Millions of deaths is not a good consequence
An elephant is a herbivore .
it is easy for people to get air .
First class is typically an upgrade including comfier seating and extra items
Tree is a place where there has no village .
Hairbrushes cannot cut anything .
Nobody can stand still after jumping as there is gravitational pull acts on object which bring down on the floor .
cars don t fly . yet
Powerful rivals make for a good case to stab them in the back .
Liquor is prohibited in most schools .
Swimming is not the title of a novel it is an activity
The pot is too small to put the oven in .
There is always a likely hood that something can go wrong .
The cache is reset when you reboot your phone .
Sun cannot turn on .
A bike can be ridden to a park a computer cannot be ridden to a park .
lava cannot be poured into the coffee .
Corn is grown in soil air and sun .
A wall has no lock
Blankets cannot be eaten therefor do not need to be cooked .
There s not possible to put a car in an oven
In yoga you are barefoot and would not use or need running shoes .
Peter would unfold his quilt to sleep with .
A lotus flower plant grows in the water not in the ground .
Game of baseball doesn t include dynamite .
people do not keep their food in toilet
A cheetah is not physically able to operate a bike .
Cattle give birth to their offspring they don t lay eggs .
Fifty people would not fit in a car .
The calendar does not show the time as it cannot change with time passing .
Being connected to WiFi would mean that you have the connection necessary to complete an upload .
Elephants cannot fly and would only be seen on land .
You should not write on living insects .
A couch is not capable of making dinner .
Tyre is not made for containing luggage of the passengers
Pens are made to write things down .
car keys are for locking or unlocking the car rather than calling people
When an envelope is mailed it has to have a stamp on it and not a sticker .
A bedroom cannot fit inside of a clock .
Repeated absence from school can cause your grades to decline .
windows of the spaceship cannot be opened
A bike is slower than a car .
The Great Wall is much longer than 6700 meters
fire is not a liquid to be filled
Usually mothers would not kiss a girl if they lost patience except if it were their own child .
China is a very old country .
a fork can t hold the soup .
moon present in night time
You would not want to pay to have the light on when you are not there .
Sand is not edible .
Trees do not generate radiation .
A cooker is not an object to be used as head protective gear
You should not look at a personal diary .
Dodo birds cannot dance and are extinct .
September does not have 30 days .
Cobra does not have the function of plants
It s illegal and unsafe to drink wine while driving .
At night we cannot see the sun and therefore it does not shine brightly at nighttime .
my mother prond of me
Winning a prize is random and therefore lucky .
Cats would drown in water .
Not everyone likes the same thing
a toaster does not have legs
An airplane is much bigger for the footballer to be caught
Glue doesn t have sharp edges used for cutting .
The animal called bat does not play baseball and when you get hit with a baseball bat there is no ball involved .
Knee pads are worn on the knees .
Dogs do not get nutrition from grass .
Almost anyone will not be happy to receive a rock as a Christmas gift
Rulers are used to measure .
You do not win for finishing last .
Trucks are not animals and can t be kept as pets .
Cement is not food .
Green light means to go
freezers are cold frying is hot
Strangers are people you don t know .
You can t wash stones
runners can t race against animals
The soup would slip between the cracks of the fork making it impossible to eat that way .
THE SUN DOESN T RISES IN WEST
alcohol would be very fatal to a cat
Giraffe has no wings
Libraries are a place for quiet reading .
Dust lands anywhere .
Cutting machine can chop clothes
Lions eat other animals and herbivourous animals only eat plants .
If only one person was eating dinner there could not have been three vegetarians .
Most people do not like irritable people
World is a bigger entity that the country .
Moses isn t alive .
Condors cannot be used for travel .
China has 34 administrative regions
More work hours means time away from family .
teacher is a person who teaches students
The anteater is extinct
The bedroom is for sleeping not for hanging wet clothes .
A rabbit is an animal .
A banana cannot be put inside a typewriter .
People do not jump from buildings
Dolphins are sea creatures whereas chickens are barn animals . Dolphins therefore do not live on land and would only be found living in water .
Potatoes grow in the ground .
a person only has one name .
Electric fan cannot be used in painting .
Socks would not do much protecting
no one can eat a telephone
Weather can not be described as striped
Chinese food does not include pizza
no one can take showers in the library
A travel agency doesn t enforce the law .
a fork unlike a knife cannot cut
One goes through a security check prior to boarding a plane so one cannot enter the plane first .
crocodile is much longer than fridge
sword is a weapon
Spoons aren t used for cutting knifes are .
Water can t be made into bags at all .
There are people living without legs .
The dishcloth is dirty and not suitable for runny nose .
Flower tea is fried by mixing flowers and tea .
Oranges are not purple or dry .
A truck is too large to be on a bed .
Sky is too light to hold oil
people do not eat their hands with peanut butter
He is mad with fear
Baseball cap is used while playing and while going out not used for fishing
It takes time to eat breakfast .
Most people are having a better life and thus live longer .
Cucumbers are green
Cats do not fly .
Boats are not used for driving on streets .
Boy friend is not a proper valentine s day gift
WASTE CAN BE RECYCLED
Ice is not a surface for playing basketball .
flowers are only a few inches tall and cannot withstand the weight of a person
humans are not objects to be bought
cheetah s do not live in living rooms
eyes are above the mouth .
The relatives house cannot accommodate a mountain
Strawberries grow from strawberry plants and do not grow from trees .
Scarves are used to protect the neck and face from the cold .
A calendar only records how many days in a year it does not choose .
Pans do not fit in pencil boxes .
Mobile phones emit radiation
You can not taste music
A book doesn t have any ink to be used as a writing tool
The garbage bin is not a creature so it does not need to eat anything .
Zebras and lions don t text
Although you can find pornography using Google Google itself is a search engine
Hat is usually worn on head
Thunder can only happen after lightning as science says
Money can t be purchased to remember
Jewelry is very rare so it is very valuable
Harmful waste must be disposed of properly and cannot be reused .
People can not travel to another galaxy .
Kites cannot be flown indoors .
Alcohol will not quench thirst it actually dehydrates your body .
Pizza cannot be read .
Water and Plastic are two different forms of objects
Biscuits are large solids so they cannot be drank
Scenery is created for a movie to help people get a sense of where the storyline takes place .
Water cannot bake foods .
you don t ride penguins
The sun does not cause a cooling effect on a persons skin .
Music does not feel .
You cannot lend money if you don t have it
Lunch box is a container to carry food
It is not necessary for people to peel tomatoes before eating
Storms are very dangerous and should be avoided .
The temperature of the human body stays in a relative homeostatic state .
Flowers do not grow inside ears .
A bicycle cannot fit into a back pack
You cannot see the stomach from outside the body .
an astronaut is not a place to eat .
Chains are too heavy for shoes .
Pluto cannot support life
There s a lot of car exhaust in the city
Cats don t have wings
You cannot travel in a house as it does not have wheels .
An introduction is the first thing students encounter in a any course of study .
mars is not in earth
Butchers jobs are killing animals
A desert would be too large to fit in a grain of sand .
Sand is not metabolized by the body and should not be eaten
no on can stays wide awake after drinking too much alcohol
GOLD IS NOT A FRUIT TO ATE
A stone is not a tool for better game playing .
HURRICANE IS NOT GOOD FOR SAND AND SMOKE
Bird s nest is made of swallows .
Monsters are typically a negative symbolic coping mechanism which you would not see walking down the street to be able to remind you of anything .
A book bag does not need and cannot be sharpened .
one falls down stairs due to gravity .
Coffee is a place where we cannot print the picture .
Hybrid cars use less fuel than regular cars
you can t enter a bus without a ticket
towel is too large to be put in a book
Gold has no sticky ability
If I have no money I cannot lent it to you .
Famines are caused by lacking of food
You can t have a license under the age of 16 .
marmalade doesn t have the required nutrients to consist a full meal
Bears not fly they are terrestrial animal .
you can t run a brick .
it s impossible to build a house on the moon now
Crocodiles is not a mammals . feeding category called mammals . crocodiles are carnivorous .
You don t bathe toasters .
Birds can only fly in the sky .
No one studies in parties but good grades comes from lots of study time
Hospitals are scary places for children .
you can t carve things on liquid
Charging treasure can not be eaten
Dishes are washed in a sink but not on a stove
A house is on land not water .
flower does not have wires or electrical capability
Drinking water don t break any school rules
Hands can t feed food
A snake is a reptile .
Bottle is too small
Basketballs are used for exercise and are not worn as clothing .
Usually people use key to unlock a lock
The Earth orbits the Sun .
Glass cannot remove a pencil mark .
Landscapes focus on a wider scale and more about the environment than an individual .
people brush their teeth instead of shoes before going to bed .
More of the world s population speak Mandarin than English .
Tomatoes grow in the land no a tree .
computer skills will improve job opportunities not lower them
only light contains radiation
my mother s mother should be a woman
Clothes does not rung .
February only has 28 days or 29 days .
Tigers eat meat and not grass .
Pans are inanimate objects and cannot eat food
Plastic is not food .
TEsla cars are too heavy for a person to pick up
Stoves get hot and you cannot freeze water in the heat .
The students grandparents come with very little contact with the teachers .
Christmas is not a festival of China .
My little sister cannot be born before me .
water can t provide heat .
Bricks are man made things not normally found in a forest .
weeding means removing weeds from some areas .
A plane would not fit on a bed
theatre is unmovable .
no on can do homework on the ceiling
stone can dance .
Carrot is a thing which can be loved by the rabbits .
A cup of water will not be enough to wash his feet .
A man is not tall enough to jump over s building .
Job cannot be draw .
The shark can t fit into the cabinet .
There is always a difference of opinion about religion .
A book may be in a library but it does not contain any libraries .
you cant get off the earth easily
motorway for four vehicles
The power of the water pistol is not enough to kill people .
The sea is too deep and large to wade across .
natural roses do not make crystals
Hammer has no sharp edge .
turning the lights on is not helpful when driving in the rain
CLOCK IS MEASURED ONLY TIME NOT DISTANCE
the tiger only walks the earth and not the sky
Toothpaste is used for brushing not for taking bath
Folding something won t clean it .
Dolphin floats or swims in the water hence is a aquatic mammal who is very intelligent and often friendly fish towards humans .
Mountain shoes are not meant to be played in sports due to its weight
Straws are not used inside a hamburger .
The NBA is a worldwide known basketball league from the US
Fire is made with kindling .
there s no egg able to change into a butterfly
a knife cannot fit in a bag without cutting it .
Banana shake is made of bananas .
Courage is a personality trait you cannot study it
Sand isn t edible .
Blue water will stain paper .
A zebra is an animal that is not allowed to mount
Crying is a natural response to being sad and many people cry when they are sad to express the feeling .
AC units are meant to cool things down not to be used as a toy .
A teddy cannot injure you .
The loom does not have the function of programming .
most people don t like what they re not good at
Music comes in through the ear .
One cannot speak to a dead person .
One can be hungry for fries and thirsty for liquids .
we use chalk to write on a blackboard not a pen
The pad is used for sucking blood but not wiping face
Calculator does not have luminous function
a black horse is not a boy to ride
Planets are round .
Cans are made of metal and are not flammable .
Shower curtains are not an addictive substance
A drum is much larger than a sock .
You cannot play with foot at a playground
Fireworks are not sold in the deli
if the funeral comes before the wedding that means that jane is deceased .
You have to breathe in order to live and the record is like 12 mins not an entire day .
A book is not a living creature that is able to move itself .
Pandas drink water directly from a lake or river .
No one owns the oceans .
English consists of 26 letters .
rubber bands are not consumable
Crying is not a form of exercise .
Book shelf is too big for a pocket
Dogs cannot fly .
You should feel pain after getting hurt .
parents passing away doesn t make one happy
A PASSPORT IS USED FOR OTHER COUNTRY TRAVEL PURPOSES
The fridge is for keeping food cold not exercise .
Chopsticks are used for eating .
An oven is used for baking or warming up food .
Breathing does not done by the clothes .
Leaves die in the fall which leads to loss of pigment
There was no calculator in ancient times .
tyres are made up of rubber to so to make it puncture you need some sharp object and cotton is obviously not sharp
milk can help you sleep
swamps are full of water which is bad for buildings
Toilet is not a place to have barbecue .
Chalk is used on blackboard .
east is not opposite of north
Garbage and waste deteriorate crops .
audiences can only watch the game
Mosquitoes cannot be repelled by the peanut oil .
the tanker floats on the sea you cant stuck it there
You cannot eat a lion
fresh fruits are good and should not be thrown away
if Jim doesn t like fruit he won t eat an apple
Toothbrushes do not have anything on them that could hook a fish .
Cotton is soft not sharp .
I cannot eat a car
reaching at terminal station of train is not responsible for anyone s death .
a duck has only two legs
Chalk is only a material used for writing .
We go to a restaurant to eat not to catch a flight .
People can t sleep on the ceiling because of gravity
Watermelons don t grow on trees
Mall is a place where the ostrich don t live .
winning the lottery is not sad
Elephants live in Africa as they are a live animal therefore cannot live in a wall .
There is only one world
Monkeys do not attend funerals .
Motor bikes do not have blades to cut grass .
Libraries don t have food .
vacuums are electric and do not function in water
Bowling balls are too heavy to be thrown .
Doors cannot open people .
Children do not go to the hospital for fun .
Actors have makeup specialists .
Lobster eat fish and molluscs .
When a person is sleeping they aren t conscious and therefore they are not learning anything .
It would take way too long to cut the grass of a home with a pair of scissors .
Members in a choir are not soldier
You drive a car it isn t walked .
cold vaccine not exists .
headphone are for listening not for watching .
Wine is not a subtype of beer because they are very different
People buy rather than sell candles for birthdays .
There are many garages have just one door
When people are happy they can shed tears but they are happy not sad tears of joy .
A paperclip holds papers together .
Doctors cure people not educate them .
foxes can t fly in the sky
if doctor intake poison then doctor did not treating him
You may want to but you can t because it is not digestable .
Doors are not meant for travelling .
Beijing is one of the cities in China
the temperature in winter is lower than in summer
Bees are animals and cannot be drunk
There is no cat as big as elephant .
Saturday comes after Friday .
Zebras do not have spots they have stripes .
The mall is for shopping .
The cloud is in the sky .
People do not drive on rivers .
we should keep quiet in a library
Scratching is not related to exercise
HE CAN T COOK HIS FEET ON 350 DEGREES .
You don t walk with your hands
A semi truck is to big for a boy to drive .
Pigs climbing trees is a dumb statement
people should abide by the rules when visiting museums
Homework may catch fire in an oven .
An engine runs a car .
Chairs are not edible .
A watermelon bigger than in his nose .
A bed cannot be eaten .
Peanuts grow in the ground .
Fans don t provide light .
Teachers work in schools not hospitals .
A stone does not sustain life .
tvs are often in the lounge and a bed is not
Wolf are wild animals
the car is bigger than the dog house
Mouths can not hear .
A kid is too slow to catch a car
Screws are not edible
The dining room is too small to hold airplanes .
A plane cannot stand on the top of a man s head
Shoes cannot be drunk .
dance shoes are not appropriate running wear
Elephant is an animal and not a continent .
Head is not necessary for a watch .
You do not eat a lot to lose weight .
Soy sauce is too salty for bread
It defies logic hunger decreases with eating .
kerosene is used for burning
tables is not a human to make a question
Lava is too hot for a person to safely swim in .
Sweet does not appear in the bitter melon .
Birds are not safe if they sleep on grounds .
Cats are a living animal that cannot be planted
You cannot find shelter under a dog .
Santa Monica is not in China .
Trains must have tracks which are outside .
A dog is not able to play badminton .
8 year olds cannot drive
No reason to prick a flower rather than plucking
No one swims in butter .
Humans cannot be in space without protection .
You can t eat a table .
Fire making is pretty easy currently
Leather bags does not used to carry their school supplies .
A bathtub is not a bed
People do not sleep up to 20 hours per day .
A restaurant is a place eating for discipline .
The box is smaller than mother s body .
A dog is animal not an inanimate object .
Frogs are animals and not vehicles .
Humans affect their surroundings .
Medication is not sold at gas stations .
Oceans are always a huge body of water .
It has to be below freezing to snow outside .
A snowy mountain cannot be surfed on .
Integrity is a good quality and will not be accused .
People cook food to eat
you can not drive an oven
sun is a planet it can not be eaten .
Dirty water will not help a wound heal it would probably make a wound worse .
Scissors are not a good way to cut a steak .
sunrise is the start of a daytime
BISCUITS IS NOT A DRINK
Winter is not the ideal season for fruit picking due to cold weather conditions .
A human s lips are not blue .
A ball can have a bell but not a ball .
I ve never worn a book .
Knowledge is desirable .
movie may not stimulate environment
It is not possible to draw with soda .
She can not give birth after 2 months of pregnancy .
A cappucino cannot be prepared by grind kidney beans .
You can t hit a ball with a telephone because it is too small .
a gas station is too big and not nutritious to be eaten by a person
Second is not the unit of measure of length .
Dogs are carnivores
Toothpicks are too small
knowledge of English will not let people be unemployed .
The Grand Canyon is too big for anyone to jump over .
Ovens are not used to wash clothes .
Lemons are solid yellow not striped .
A spaceship is only used when leaving Earth .
Human beings cannot be eaten .
Beijing isn t a country it s a city .
Dog cannot used to drive away from the city .
Spring is not a season for moon watching
The motorcycle will sink to the bottom
An airplane flies in the air .
A pizza is food not clothing .
It would be really hard to do .
Pilots do not fly garbage trucks .
A man is too big to ride on a pelican
teachers are supposed to teach
The airport doesn t have trains
Apples are meant to be eaten not worn .
kitchen tables are not for dogs
Buddha is the leader of Buddhism and not Catholic
Fish don t fly .
Living inside of a fridge would mean certain death .
You re dirty after mowing the lawn not before so you would not take a shower before .
The sky is not typically green .
An apple can not climb or move by it s own will .
You can t eat music .
baby cannot lift elephant and elephant does not fit into baby s mouth either
Criminal should be in prison
Surfing is an activity not something that is funny to joke about
Monkeys don t know how to take photo
Floors aren t sentient they are non living objects .
SHIRT IS TO WEAR IN UPPER BODY
you add peanut butter to bread or toast
If it rains it wets
Wood will act as a fuel to a fire .
dinner is eaten in the evening
Not everyone enjoys sports .
Shoes don t have a call function but phones have
The cap doesn t smell
Pot roast is a dish people prepare for lunch or dinner
Cleaners are not trained to do taxes
Balls are not edible .
an elephant is much bigger than a baby s mouth
there is no tree for money
Plates are inedible and thus incapable of pickling .
Flower stores sell flowers instead of books
Classroom is the place for studying and the swimming pool is for swimming
swimming pool containing only water
Elephants are not kept as pets .
Being invisible in a mirror would defy laws of physics .
Students are typically encouraged to avoid prison .
It is not unlucky that the astronaut is still alive .
Stars are in the sky and it belongs to the universe .
Swimming requires lot of manual effort that s why its lot slower and not possible to swim such long distances .
Birds do not migrate South in the spring .
Gyms don t teach math .
melting is a process that needs heat
ice cubes can not generate fire .
pork is meat not vegetables
there s no fish in the desert
a knife would cut the ear
There are no online games on the table .
No turtle can jump they only crawl .
The first thing to do at the mall is to walk into the entrance
tomorrow is in the future and can be changed
soup is not something one can wear
Rabbits are not extinct .
Stone does not contain the energy needed by mobile phones
barn is a place for horse
treadmill is used to run .
A fish has no intelligence to drive a car
Storks are birds not mammals
The freezer is too cold and therefore cannot heat a turkey
He vacuumed the carpet
Ice cream must be kept cold .
Car is a 4 wheeler vehicle not a cloth .
A plate is not something that gets pickled .
Trees cannot run .
Desks are too small for landing aircraft
Keyboard is a computer accessory used to type while piano is a musical instrument .
Strangers can t be close to a person because a stranger doesn t know that person .
Bars of gold are not white
The ball is rubber and would not break .
Glue is used as an adhesive and is not edible .
Bombs are very dangerous .
Cooking is something you do with food and books are not food .
People do not drink vegetable oil .
It s very hot to wear cotton jacketa in summer .
People cannot ride on beavers .
You have to place your hand on the belly to feel a baby moving .
Lighting a fire dissipates the cold rather than creating it
There are no elephants at a bakery
Nobody tosses a ball for flowers .
A bicycle does not have an engine .
The iPad is a modern invention .
There is not an app that you can install on your phone to call a bus .
The house cannot ran away from the dog .
Laptops are machines and are not designed to be ingested .
That is child abuse
Table does not use to play the music to relax the people .
You don t ride trees .
An ocean is too big to fit in a skyscraper
Eating more means you gain more .
not taking off your ring won t keep people warm
Hats do not protect a motorcycle rider s head .
Cats aren t able to shave themselves .
stick has no mouth to drink protein powder
summer is sunny period and things generally become hot
Pudding can not be made into a necklace .
cow is much bigger then a chair
People cannot go to Pluto
A picnic in the road is a very dangerous proposition .
Birds are not writing utensils
We do not build homes out of chocolate
Evil people will help from the perspective of revenge
Pigs cannot fly .
lice are too small for a cat to hunt
A dog does not know how to operate a washing machine .
Sand is not a liquid so it can t be used to bathe in
If you lost your key you cannot open the door .
Truck usually have got specific parking lots for them
Restaurants sell food .
injuries are harmful
Lions don t have the ability to climb trees
the biggest country in the world is Russia
New york is not in france .
Caterpillars don t turn into platypuses .
MATH IS NOT EATABLE THING
The bathroom is where people use to take a shower
you can be average and still hired for a job
Ovens are used for cooking not storing .
there is more tha one kind of engine
The lake can t catch fire because of the water .
Paper is a not a place to grew vegetable .
A contact lens is transparent
A person can t get a planet as a gift
cotton is too soft to stab with
people use lift in a building to avoid stairs
English is currently the second most used language in the world .
Sleeping is not something to be jailed for six months .
You don t drive or park a banana .
Water is not a place to fly your kite .
Brass instruments are not stored in the playground
Trains are not typically at airports .
Cats spend most of the day and night sleeping than do humans .
FOREST ONLY CONTAINS MOUNTAINS NOT CITY
hills is not a small object
Apple s CEO cannot be a panda
Whales will not fit in a backpack
Ships have no wheels .
most people work during the day and rest at night
Cake cannot be used for people to talk to the world .
After kindergarten go to school
GASOLINE IS FLAMMABLE
In a solar eclipse the Sun cannot come between the Moon and the Earth .
The tree is above the ground .
The moon cannot be smaller than the Earth because the moon rotates within the Earth s gravitational pull .
BRICK IS ASTONE
Stones cannot be digested .
You would not go to a restaurant right after you wake up .
You must know the answer to solve a problem .
Mice have fur instead of feathers .
Toes are flesh and cannot have biscuits in them
A baby doesn t read so wouldn t take a dictionary
Excessive exercise can cause some damage to the body .
a monkey is an animal
People do not go to the mall to fish and eat .
Shoes not tasty to eat
jogging is not a fast running
Luxuries does not buy without money .
Gym is not a place to be felt full .
Air conditioners don t suck fumes
Blood is liquid inside the body .
Most jobs do not require ownership of a dog
Horses don t carry fruit trees .
Phones cannot charge people .
Bathrooms are not jobs .
the cactus is not a knight
She cannot be walk the dog outside in the ocean .
A couch isn t where you plant seeds .
Flour is not meant to be applied to a face .
An airplane leaves from an airport .
You cannot wash anything with a clock
A dryer is not a place to sleep in
Bees have their own hives to live in .
celery not a dessert
A boy friend is not an appropriate gift and buying and selling people is illegal .
A body part is not edible .
People do not yell at others when they are happy
A car wouldn t fit in an oven
Alcohol unlike water is dehydrating .
Happiness is a kind of feeling not for photosynthesis .
Extreme sports involve a high risk of heart disease which is common in old people .
no one can live 500 years
A couch is larger than a car door
Rope cannot be put onto a tape dispenser
shirts go on the body not the foot
cat food is for cats not for people
Ruler do not have sharp edges for cutting
Whales have no legs and cannot dance .
Regular citizens are not allowed to shower at a circus and clowns don t attack people other than in movies .
You eat ham not wear it .
Tomatoes are not grown on Mars .
Rain coats are for wearing outside in the rain .
A man cannot get pregnant .
SMILE IS NOT A THING TO BUY
Apples are a fruit and cannot open a lock .
You wouldent go to a train station if you got hit in the face
Thanksgiving tradition is to eat Turkey
The Golden Gate Bridge is in USA not in Egypt
Cats do not eat basketballs .
feet not used for eating
Stone is too heavy to float and boats must be made with material that can float
Food is not found in bathrooms . Food is found in kitchens .
if one will play games at his day job he will be fired
To get a haircut is to cut the hair and make it shorter
The stomach cannot be charged .
A bird is an animal not a piece of stationary
A gas station is a bad place to buy food for your family
tofu is too small to be used for standing .
Water cannot be walked on
Dogs can t drive .
Garbage bags are usef only to put garbage .
Giraffes are wild animals
rocks do not have emotions .
cheetah is the fastest animal in the world
You can not post mountains they just are there .
Chickens are living creatures .
The heather will not provide light in the dark
Noise will do the opposite to relaxing the mind .
a river is larger than a drop of water
Dogs are not able to jump between tree branches
People don t eat boats .
A car cannot wash a soap .
Shoeboxes are for shoes not books .
Exercise is important to stay healthy .
A person cannot walk on water
Cool and fashionable doesn t have a scent
A bathroom is generally indoors so items are placed in not on .
Most birds don t swim .
Watches are used to tell the time .
Waste water is considered not potable in other words not suitable for drinking or using to clean wash or perform daily hygienic tasks with .
Noise stimulates the mind
Watermelons grow in the ground .
People can go to middle school after they have finished elementary school
lip balm is designed especially for lip but not scalp
We don t eat people .
White color zebras don t exist .
There is one happy winner and at least one unhappy loser in an auction .
hanger is not a thing to give us a printout
butter is made with milk
There are very few people take subway at midnight
A cave is not food .
A finger is not sharp enough to chop a tree .
Sunshine is irrelevant to the cause of an accident
a hospital is not a suitable place to treat guests
This would make it impossible to watch if it was transparent .
Barbecue is not cooked on a toilet .
no one s teeth are black naturally
Dragon doesn t exist in the world .
Watermelon is not a storage bag to keep the things its a fruit .
Monkeys are not smart enough to play sports .
Birds cannot physically lay a man made machine such as a car .
no one wears an armor to cook
A car is too big for a dog to eat
Cell phones do not have engines .
A pen is not very easily bitten into and would be useless afterwards
Plants are found in nature but not in bodies .
Red wine is an alcoholic drink and grass does not contain alcohol
Animals do not have chloroplasts
a down jacket is unable to stop a bullet
This is impossible .
A sandwich is a food item and cannot be used for writing .
people cannot buy books from swimming pool .
Unless you have an artificial leg it would not be possible for someone to remove your leg from your body in order to steal it .
Papermaking is not an undertaking to be taken lightly .
Predators are not docile
A dog would not fit in a can of dog food .
A mantis does not make a cobweb
you cant go to the moon
Bananas are not used for typing
nuts is a kind of food
The sun can only rise one direction .
Rivers are not composed of salt water they are freshwater .
Ladies not men wear bras .
Steam is created when water is boiled .
Mistakes are things one gets wrong and not right .
Georgia tech trains people
Teachers work in schools not hospitals .
People don t eat cotton .
You do not go to the hospital to have a meal .
Rivers cannot flow against gravity for great distances like up a mountain .
Pasta is cooked not baked .
A television is for watching a broadcast program .
Monsters can t appear on trees in real life
Footballs aren t edible .
the sun provides radiation which heats up earth
Hangar is a place to let airplane and is not an object to enter into airplane
Turning on the light will keep room temperature the same
One can t live without a brain .
car cannot fly plane can
Stones are not edible .
Chairs are usually made out of wood or another material but not food .
no one praises for a wrong activity
YELLOW IS NOT A COLOUR OF SKY
Pens do not eat food .
A school bag is used for storing books and stationery for schooling .
A bus is too large for a driveway .
Whales are the biggest mammals
Grass stains clothes .
Snakes do not have legs or feet .
Cars do not fly to space
animals can t grasp each other .
A store won t take back used clothing .
Giraffes are not pets .
A car drives on the road .
Water is an important substance for human
Pasta is not normally baked .
A baby cannot have a bath inside it .
Apples do not work on a car .
Being patient cannot not make things quicker
Walmart is not a strip club
One drinks some water after sports .
Homework is not fun .
Fire doesn t put out fire
Wind can not hurt anyone .
Teddys are soft and do not cause damage
business rules do not dictate traffic safety codes
A box is too small to fit a car .
The paper pages of textbooks are made from wood which is not eco friendly but the electronic book is .
Dinosaurs are extinct
A WOMAN WAS PREGNANT
A whole whale is much bigger than one dog .
planes do only land on airports
Being early for an event is not cause for annoyance in itself .
It is just a known fact that other animals are faster than man
a person can t stand the weight of a horse
Iron is a heavier metal than aluminum .
You cannot get medical attention at a train station
Mice can t grab eagles .
An umbrella cannot resist a fire
Traffic jams can seriously affect the driving time so people will get home late
there are only 2 big holes in a pair of sneakers
The sea is a very large body of water that can not be thrown by a person .
Parents are always proud of their child s accomplishments .
Lime is not edible it is harmful to health but salt can .
The caterpillar is an animal .
Clouds cannot be reached by people .
Some fish are poisonous if eaten .
Medical fields are always searching for new innovation and solutions .
A body does not occupy two spaces at the same time .
A hammer cannot used to cut down trees .
usually people eat lot of food will not get hungry fast
Meals are end with dessert
anime is drawn
Magazines are made of paper and can be recycled many times
cars travel on earth
WiFi can be used to upload pictures
Cows cannot climb trees
shoes do not provide a way to read the time
Cars cannot be flown
Spring is a season not cake .
An anvil is too heavy to kick .
If a baby drinks only water they will not get any nutrients which they need to survive .
A banker can does not handle complaints about a robbery
A tree would not fit into a fridge .
Dogs cannot talk .
Spaghetti is too small for giraffes to live in .
A job intereview requires confidence and interpersonal communication
A printer is too small to print a laptop
A waffle maker is used to make waffles .
A giraffe is too big to fit into a car
France is not located in South America .
A knife is not sharp enough to cut through steel .
parents would get terribly worried rather than relaxed if their kids run away from home
an office does not have a ski
The recreation center is for exercising .
STARS ARE UNCOUNTABLE .
Sloths are slow and cannot move fast .
Library only contains books .
a car cant be bigger than a house unless it is a dog house .
A thread cannot open a coke .
The spirit is a kind of alcohol .
American is a label on people who live in America .
The bird can t talk
A pen can only write and cannot show the time .
Drinks are not a daily necessity .
A restaurant is not a place to be disciplined .
Biology is the study is of living things .
You are likely to find a mouse connected to a computer .
There are no penguins in the Arctic .
Combs are for hair .
Ovens are not currency .
Water is not necessary to run a computer .
A baby is not born on the day the parent s met .
Fruits contain many vitamins .
caterpillars are animals
mobile phone is not so big as computer
Olympic games is a sporting event held every four years
An airplane is faster than a car .
Pans are unable to eat
Blind person cannot read as he don t see anything from eyes .
the age of a person who was born is 0
Ghosts don t exist .
Logs cannot move
cookies do not experience emotions or have affection
Pollen is spread by flowers .
July only has 31 days .
A desk s primary purpose is to be sat at and worked from .
One must eat in order to sustain life .
A washer is for cleaning not cooking .
Flower tea is only dry tea .
A tortoise is to small to ride .
guitar is a musical instrument and cannot clean room
If there is a war soldiers cannot go home
Lion does not build web
A grandma would not own a mythical creature such as a Bigfoot
Flowers smell good .
The moon is in space .
Kimodo dragons do not fly and they are much larger than flowers .
A grape can be red purple or green but cannot be white .
An oven is used for cooking or baking food .
We can t build a shed in our head because it is a part of our body .
The dog don t talk .
Entire ocean in my cereal bowl much bigger than the poured .
Bleach is used for cleaning .
TOMATO IS NOT TOOL FOR CUT ANYTHING
bowling ball is not a clothing accessory
A stick cannot cut through anything
touch does not kill people
Reunion of beloved people bring happiness
Reading is a skill that requires higher intellectual functioning associated with humans .
leather is not a eating product
A shoe does not go on your head
Cans do not burn in fire .
A location where a fire is taking place is not somewhere people go to teach others about English .
The moon circles around the earth .
A computer cannot produce food items
Even movies based on true events exaggerate the real events .
You do not usually get food at a blood bank .
An elephant is too heavy to run 185 kilometres per hour .
Bananas will fall down if hung on a wall .
a bird is too small to transport people
Foam is not used to build buildings .
People don t feel bitter when eating sugar
The dead cannot live because they are not alive .
A plane is much too big to fit in the street .
stone is not food
If you stay up late you might sleep all day .
Food processing factory will supplies food .
Unless it undergoes a special treatment cloth will always get wet .
man are kings woman are queens . thats how things are you cant change your gender .
The expression "a cat has nine lives " is well known and "one " is singular while "lives " is plural .
Coffee cannot be eaten it can only be consumed
Africans have black skin .
Water pistols are harmless to robbers .
The bread machine is used to make bread but not coffee
An anvil is too heavy to be thrown . By
He eats an apple
Hitting the gas makes a car goes faster not stop
no one can swim in the mountain
Oxygen does not need sauce .
gym for workout
Curtains aren t usually hung inside of a closet .
Petroleum is a natural product
Thieves are a disgraceful profession
You can not kick a soccer ball with your hand .
ELEPHANT COLOR IS NOT A GREEN
Dragons aren t real and if they were they probably wouldn t work in offices .
Jelly is too soft to build a house .
A turtle is not fast .
Tomato seeds will not grow in a rug
Mother kangaroo has bag .
Elephant is too big .
dirt is not a food item .
Piano keys can t be used to type words .
There is no way for all the air to be removed from a flight .
Wedding cards are expensive for people
People cannot be trees they are two different things .
Stones are no good for wiping .
erasers cannot cut paper
Mountains are not found in peoples houses they are outdoors .
grass will be there in ground not in bathroom .
everyone means all of them . but it mentioned as some of them again .
Restaurants do not offer haircuts .
Trains do not exist in space
Mothers give birth to their child
A goal does not move when it is kicked .
people do exercise in gym not washing clothes
Toaster cannot be eaten .
The fruit has no mouth or teeth .
You can t type something on a floor
wearing a coat makes me feel hotter
A fish has no words to be read .
Green is not a state that can be gotten
A log can not jump
Milkshake is having lot of sugar diabetic person must avoid this .
A basketball is to small to ride and has no wheels and motor
A garage is not to right place to get help for a sick cat
Chopsticks cannot hold soup .
waiter serves people .
milk shake are liquid
The belly of the dragon was smooth .
thermometer is to check the temperature
You wouldn t keep a pen and paper in the bathroom
Jelly is not strong enough to build a house
Playing games is not a fundamental principle of survival .
Your teeth would rot if you only brushed them three times a year .
Wildflowers cannot hold a book .
A table is made up of wood which is used for writing purpose .
Airplanes don t arrive at bus stops .
Closing mouth has no effect on what you see .
Research work is not done to kill time as it does not relax a person .
You cannot detach and throw your own foot .
Pen is an object to write and does not open door
Television is not food
car has minimum four wheels
it s not wise to attack a rival when he s a great power
Milk doesn t clean hair .
Piano is a musical instrument it is used in songs parties films etc to produce different musical tones .
Lions live on the savannah .
table does not have a mouth for sang
Scissors cannot be driven
noodles are organic don t favor making coins that should last long
children to do not have four eyes
you use bike chains for bikes
A leopard is a type of cat .
The earth revolves around the sun .
happiness is an intangible feeling therefore it cannot be bought
exercises are not theory to read
A ruler does not leave marks on paper .
Trains and subway cars use metro stations .
A cat cannot play golf
a broken glass can not hold liquids
"good evening " is used at the time of greeting in the evening instead of in the morning
Paint is for coat things with color
cooking is not necessary for a doctor to perform their functions
No one can position fortune .
Deaths and injuries are rare at airports
We see the effects of wind rather than wind itself
Burger can not be put in water .
Dogs don t speak human language .
Humans can t fly
Rainbow always appears after rain .
John cannot go to a stone .
The toothbrush is too small to comb your hair .
Looking at people doesn t understand his inner thoughts .
THE CAT IS NOT SUITABLE FOR CHASING THE STREET DOGS
Grass does not grow on the sea .
Beds don t have mouths .
lemon does not contain a taste of salt
cooker for cooking something
a day only has 24 hours
You cannot eat a shoe .
Myopic mirror does not have any lens .
Barbecues cannot be placed in a tv show .
dogs cant speak
fridge is so small for an Elephant to ran into it .
You don t wash books .
The frog only jumps .
Clouds can t hold phones .
a firefly is a bug and they don t belong in your mouth
planes do not drive on roads
tanks don t save injured lives
Not everyone knows how to swim .
You don t run on your bed .
Mothers generally love their children .
ice is cold
Magic is not real .
Cars drive down roads .
education is not a person
people is unable to sit in the sky now
My father thinks good grades are more important than playing games .
Airplanes can only move forward .
Only animals and people can feel pain .
Helicopters cannot be "driven . "
horses do not live in water
Examinations are to be passed for graduation
A golfer uses a club to play golf with not a squirrel .
The t rex is extinct .
Cows don t mine for gold .
You can t write with a carrot .
Superpowers are not real .
Cars do not have rooms .
His sister hadn t reached the legal age for marriage at the age of nine
A house cannot fit in a pocket
Sunlight cannot run .
the student went to bed late because he had much work to do and deprived sleep
Dogs don t walk humans .
The ocean is filled with water which is not yellow .
Not all cleaners need to travel abroad .
A house does not have wheels to be driven .
While cars can be used as a mode of transportation houses can not .
A restaurant with bad comments tends to not be good
The hippo is much bigger than the mailbox .
lunch box has no camera to capture the photos
Cable isn t useful for eating food
Grocery stores don t sell trucks .
Jumping from a thirtieth floor would injure cat not leave it unscathed .
Busy markets will be always noisy which would be very disturbing to read a book
These are names of cars not Columbus s ships .
Steel plank cannot float on water
Cats are not able to live in water .
People do not have pet elephants that they would walk .
BANANA PEELS IS NOT A CREDIT CARD
Heroin is considered to have adverse health effects .
A phone will not admit you into the concert .
We watch Television .
Pistol is not a color .
No proof of alien existence exists so we cannot say for definite that they exist .
Heating makes people feel hotter
His notebook is something that can not flew out .
A weapon is not something that can be surfed .
Dogs are not smart enough to invent language
You would be unable to operate the computer mouse with your mouth or your teeth .
People want something entertaining to watch during the superbowl
You don t need a lens cover to take a photo
Chair is not use for walk . It is create uncomfortable situation .
The moon in the water is only its reflection ad cannot be picked up
light does not save from hot
if television is off its never shows anything
Eating paper is not healthy .
Banks allow a person to withdraw money not pens .
knife have one blade works in one direction and scissors have specific blade angles ideal for cutting hair .
Trucks are big cars and you can t put them in regular smaller cars .
A person is not classified as a dog .
Ovens do not show recipes .
Fun is not what you have surgery for
We cannot hung clothes on wire it will fall off .
The trash is smaller and easier to carry than the dumpster
You should not defecate in public .
Employing child labor is not only illegal but also harmful to children and should not be supported .
Seawater is drinkable only when desalienated salt is removed .
Cats are not so stronger than Lions so that Cat will catch lions .
Pets do not know to play basketball .
coconut cannot fall to space on Earth
An eraser would be in a desk not a linen closet .
You can t be wrong about your own favorite color .
bedpan is a container used as a toilet .
melatonin would make you want to sleep
People can t fit in a lava lamp .
Leaves of most trees turn yellow and fall in the fall .
Water is a necessary condition for seed germination
A desert cannot be taken to school .
there is no space for people to swim on the plane
Chapter is a drink not a book .
Plane is an object that cannot be used to travel for 2 kilometers .
Oil will make a fire stronger .
People don t dance when they re tired from long journeys they rest .
If water is boiling it must be hot .
Popeye s does not sell jet engines
Loud speakers are not good for phone calls
There are not a lot of deaths in an airport .
Bicycles doesn t have engine motor for which electricity is required it runs when someone paddles it .
Healthy food makes people slimmer .
A car cannot cross in water .
Flower tea is not fermented .
Spoon is an utensil which has nothing to do with eye
Ink makes hair dirtier .
astronauts haven t wings
SWIMMING IS GOOD FOR HEALTH
A person does not brush their teeth with a truck
A tree is not a wearable item .
Children love jokes and laugh when those jokes are funny .
Rock paper scissors requires two people .
She can go to the airport but the airport can not go to her .
The pen only contains ink .
Cats cannot unlock doors
ocean is not a sidewalk
Dead people will never woke up
People don t travel by pigeon mail .
An enemy is a person who hates you .
Fish do not live in the sky .
A waiter would never use that language while greeting his employer .
Birds generally do not swim .
lamp has no life
We can not use nose to speak
A tv cant be driven because it doesn t have wheels and a machine
Objects that are not people can not sing .
Coffee wakes you up .
There is no calcium in the plastic
sand is not a liquid
The sun is only out during the day .
Nail polish is a thing which cannot done by the boys .
Hotels do not provide medical treatment .
A room cannot accommodate a plane .
A chair is to big to warn someone with
Wine gets better with age .
The gym isn t the right place to try suspects .
Dog does not speak .
There are no pools at the zoo .
The duty of the police is to punish the evil and of course not to release the bad guys .
A handkerchief is too small to cover a bed
table is not a software
Detergent is not used to make bread .
shoes does not have a clock
ketchup is alcohol
A car is too big to fit in a bathtub
The KTV is for singing and not a suitable place to play basketball .
Electronic devices are not a blanket evil or harm in society .
Water is liquid and can t be used to build houses .
People do not like bad songs .
Dogs only bark .
Bicycle drivers doesn t need to be examined strictly because they are not responsable for a lot of people .
Three and eight equal eleven
OCEAN IS NOT SUITABLE FOR MAIL
While you could pray at a restaurant it is not typically a place where people go to do so . You go to a restaurant toeat .
jujubes does not have a high water content .
Calculators don t have games .
Beer and wine are two different drinks .
If a student plays too much and is not hardworking he has less chance to pass the exam .
Terrorists don t arrest anyone they cause mayhem and destruction .
Mountains are tall and 5 minutes are not enough but you maybe clime a hill in 5 minutes .
If someone is very rich He must take a high income insurance .
People should keep silent in the cinema so they can not sing
Alcohol impairs judgment and reaction which are both necessary to drive safely .
In car we cant washed clothes .
You don t use sunglasses to solve sight problems .
The muddy water in the puddle will dirty your shoes
toothbrush is not for playing
teeth not use to buy anything
A trumpet is played by blowing .
An alpaca is an animal and cannot have people working inside it .
The hairbrush has no sharp edges to cut your hair
You cant fit into a tree
Sand is not edible
You find students in a classroom
A lion is way to big to walk
pastry is food as such cant be made of sand .
Washing hair makes it clean not shorter .
RABBIT IS NOT A CARROT
Energy does not provide in the salt .
Oil is poisonous
A heater would make it hotter .
It s hard to read in the dark .
People don t seek out establishments which have only negative reviews .
Animals are not goods at you can consign
Cricket balls are not edible .
Buses have their fixed routine
Children do not live in the ocean .
bread can give us energy .
computer programming isn t a sport .
tears come out off eyes instead mouth
A Car has only 4 wheels .
An air conditioning does not understand numbers .
Cats don t enjoy the water .
A guniea pig does not live in a fridge .
Boats do not have wings to fly .
The desert is so dry that it seldom rains .
Earring are made to go on ears .
You don t use a shuttle cork for football
Magma is harmful to human body
ONE ONE PUT A BLOCK IN MICROWAVE
It is too bright to see stars during the day
Water doesn t have fixed shape
My mom my dad and me are three people .
Kitchen is not the name of a game .
Dogs do not hang out on roofs .
There are no spacecraft that are rail driven .
A horse cannot fit inside of a fridge .
Tuition fees are not paid by schools .
The fire cannot be made by ice cream .
I can not sit on a cloud .
When winter is coming it getter colder so one needs to wear more clothing .
Plane cannot be used to drop the machine .
Earthquakes aren t man made .
net is not a food to eat
football is not a liquid
Phones cannot transport physical items
Guns cannot feed people .
checking livers requires special equipment that cannot be found in airport
Actors have no medical qualifications
piano is not a string instrument
computer programmer is a job not sport
Cleaning feet has nothing to do with eating preparation .
it is impossible that a boy is fifty five years old .
CAMELS IS A BIG ANIMAL
Dinosaurs are extinct
Running require physically strong body
Lab does not have snack .
Boats do not fly .
Chicken does not produce stones
Spatulas are used for cooking .
Hens don t crow they lay eggs .
Distracted attention would make it hard to write a term paper .
A light bulb cannot be used for communication .
dragons are not exist in the world
Bees cannot breathe if they are in the soil .
Consuming drugs are very dangerous
hats are bigger than buttons
911 is the correct number for emergency services
Pizza is not a foot food .
The hanger cannot move .
there will be only 28 days in february
Jokes make you smile .
People who are guilty of a crime do not commonly receive praise .
A monkey is too dumb to be a stagehand .
A phone cannot get wet
concrete cannot be mowed
There is not atmosphere in space .
Peppers will not make people get cavities but candies will
hair dressers have no government role
A fridge can t be held in your hand .
A truck is a vehicle .
People do not usually go to the doctor to get their teeth fixed .
The number of people using English is not the largest .
Spicy foods can make on es eyes water and nose run .
U don t eat hair
9 p .m is not a afternoon .
You cannot take guns when travelling abroad .
Rats and cats are natural enemies
Air conditioning is a device which cannot be invented by the stone .
no one sells gloves for eyes
no one can go forward by sleeping
cats are smaller than lions
The ocean is not a restaurant
the moon is in earth s gravity
Medicines are not alive
washing machines are made to wash clothes
Nobody can drive a table .
The sea don t look read
A hamster is not allowed in a movie theater it is an animal .
barbecues are a physical object not like commercials
MILK WILL SPOILED HIS SHOES
No one eats grass
Fish are unable to walk .
Carbon dioxide cannot be used by humans to breathe
Usually there are many bowls in the kitchen .
You cannot cook paper
A popcorn machine doesn t have tools to make sushi
A computer is smaller than a human being and cannot house any dead body .
A car window is not a required part necessary to make a motor vehicle go .
the nose only has the sense of smell
Whales live in the ocean .
A flower is too small for a dog to dance on .
one person can use only on binoculars at a time .
Bathrooms are used for taking care of one s needs for expelling toxins and cleaning their bodies .
A vet does not sell a painting
Bread and butter refers to work that pays one s bills sleep is not likely to be something one is paid for .
Meter is part of rhythm .
People don t use books to stir coffee .
diesel fuel powers a diesel engine
To walk somewhere will take longer than to be driven there .
A hotel doesn t have the resources for teaching a school needs
busses cannot fly
Earthquakes are natural disasters
Nobody can own the ocean but many people own cats .
Books do not offer any nutrition .
calculator only used for calculation
Evolution is a change in the right direction
Stone has no nutrition
you want to kill the burglar not kiss him
Bikes do not fit into baskets .
A grocery store does not sell lumber
dustbin is the official place for throwing garbage .
apples don t grow underground
tire is a nonliving thing
The pronoun She refers to a female .
Chickens are found in farms and not ponds .
Water has no solid surface to hold someone above it .
tables do not ask questions human does
there are no train tracks in the market
no one can eat sand .
Pillows are inedible .
A ball is not a liquid .
Metro station is for trains where as for flight one must go to Airport .
Boats are more often in water .
You can t skydive in the ocean .
A house cannot be eaten for lunch .
Jazz shoes can go on feet and tv is to be watched .
no on eats birthday bloom on birthday
it is vacuum in the space .
a pool has no medical attention for animals
Oatmeal doesn t have a mouth to eat a person .
He can t drink gas .
A person does not use a spoon to write
A hypothetical person always lies to others and people usually don t like to make friends with a liar .
A cigarette has no typing keys on it .
COLLEGE STUDENTS ARE NOT OLDER THAN SCHOOL STUDENTS
Real lawyers do not play characters on TV or theatre
Buses cannot go to the ISS they can only run on land
No one can hold a mountain
Ballet is a type of dance not a person .
You can not communicate through an umbrella
You can t go to water for vacations .
an entire bottle of wine can usually make a normal person intoxicated
Being rejected is a sad thing .
An automobile isn t food .
Spaceships don t exist .
Repetition of the word drink .
If no one else is on the island money is worthless .
Pacifists are against fighting .
Walrus is animal people do not eat .
Green isn t a naturally occurring color in the sky .
Plastic is not eatable while ice creams are
Square consists of four sides
People don t eat with their feet
No one can digest electronic goods .
Chemistry does not relate to the past .
Monkey is an animal which cannot be married by him .
Working a lot and making very little is not a concept associated with being a boss .
Washrooms is not a place to keep the horses .
You do not put groceries in a dishwasher .
Schooling progresses in a certain order and primary school comes before high school .
Spirit is not a kind of sound
The bread is to soft .
Fish cannot go on land
SEAWATER IS NATURAL
Lava is not edible
If you iron food it will burn it or start a fire before it warms it up .
Car cannot float
Bleach is not edible .
Cream s and lotions are poisonous .
Students don t use helicopters to get to school .
trees can t move and therefore cannot chase cats
Footballs are not edible .
Planet is a very large object which will hardly fit into a chest . So this sentence is nonsensical
Cats are animals and never found on rose plants
Bakeries have pastries and dough based food items not elephants or other animals .
Noodles would break if you tried to use them as sewing needles .
Scenes are part of stories and are not for sale .
People are not supposed to eat newspaper .
Vitamin does not available in french fries .
He can not bring a world war a tank at the library .
sky is not a place to sit
A TV cannot stand or cry
paper will not hold milkshake .
mend is needless to change .
A room can t barge into anything . Its part of the house
A warm breeze can t be cold .
Mice cannot be used to blow noses
Stones are not kept in bowls .
ice is the frozen state of water
It is impossible for a person to be a computer .
Theater does not make waves
Most people see clearer in the light .
The landlord is the owner of the rental .
Elephants are not blue
There is no violence in golf .
Only rockets can go to space .
Stones are not used in the game
It s not safe to stand under a tree in the rain .
Kittens don t moo
IT IS NOT GOOD FOR CHILDREN TO PUT JAIL AT THE AGE OF SIX
On Earth gravity usually brings objects back down
DIRT IS NOT SUITABLE FOR BREAKFAST
Funerals are for mourning the dead and are not used to celebrate milestone events .
Clinics are meant for treatment
cats do not emit light
Flowers do not bloom in the winter since they do no grow when the weather is cold .
The renter rented the rental from the landlord .
Though the climate of the North Pole and the South Pole is similar there are no penguins found in the North Pole .
males do not lay eggs
Coffee mug does not used to carry the book .
A house can be painted but grass should be cut not painted
Oil will increase a fire .
Everyone left the train upon reaching it so everyone could not have died
Clamps are incapable of repairing air conditioners
Staying up late decreases human function and may lead to sudden death
You do not get sunburn when it rains
Lions are carnivores
A spoon is too big to fit into the keyhole .
Everyone who has a car usually park it outside of a buildings
Nobody likes to have fiends .
Every nation s tradition culture have some negative parts
You cannot eat books
Summer is followed by fall .
A church is not a place where police house criminals .
Airplanes land at airports not garages .
A fountain does not produce a bird .
Dogs cannot talk .
Roadkill is ugly smelly and unsanitary
No one can eat banana skin .
Eating does not cause consistent coughing but smoking does .
You can t take a hot air balloon to get to work .
People are not generally in toilets so watching the toilet would not help .
Rotten food is decomposing and producing toxic smelly gasses .
Violets grow in the garden and not in the factory .
High temperature will make water boil instead of freeze .
The international rule is only twelve months a year .
Mars isn t habitated by any life form .
Anger is an emotion and does not pertain to search engines .
A chair is not an edible thing
you can not play a kitchen a kitchen is a room .
Drugs are harmful for everybody .
badminton is not a tv program
you are born with 5 senses
An elephant won t fit into a jug they are too big
During rain if the umbrella is folded one will get wet in rain
Organs can t fit in briefcases .
a person cant survive on nor get to the sun
doing sports more only makes one thin
a dog is unable to make a film
Milk cannot turn into beer .
Coffee does not contain sugar
Frogs hop down the road
detergent is a washing product
elephants are herbivorous
radiation is bad for health
Toilet is not the right place for watching soccer matches
Dogs are not found in lakes they live on dry land .
a well of water cannot finish
myopia glasses do not protect you from the sun
Fish does not have whales .
Head is a human organ which cannot move
Knives aren t food
Sunglasses are designed to be worn in the sun .
Hats do not belong on your feet
An infant does not require the same things as a basil plant to flourish
Making up is used to make someone more beautiful which is the opposite of ugly .
Warm cannot get from ice .
NECKLACE MAD OF GOLD NOT PUDDING
A boy can t smoke .
Closets are made to hold clothing .
DOG IS NOT A INSTRUMENT
Vets do not sell paintings
A hanger is not capable of being sated .
Sugar gives you a momentary lift of energy .
Zoo is a place where humans does not seen by the lions .
Students don t respect physical abuse .
People usually love to go on a bike .
A popcorn machine makes popcorn and not sushi .
dirt cannot be used to clean
A pot roast is usually for dinner
Chickens do not fly .
a computer is not a car it has no wheels for it to be driven
an english dictionary doesn t has any chinese word
blue whale is a dangerous marine mammal
Moon is a place where camel cannot travel .
students go to a school to learn
mountains cannot exist in the ocean
Math is a cerebral skill whereas cheerleading is more physical .
One does not get money from the hospital .
Iron has much greater mass than the same amount in water .
A plastic chair does not help you to run .
giraffes do not eat meat
slamming is not the process to invite anyone .
there is not enough room on a chair to run
Pervert don t give candy to children
A cat is too small to ride .
Buses are too large to be stored in a desk .
punching is painful
Cakes are meant to be eaten not to be drinken
its usanitary to get your haircut in a kitchen
Summer is not a cold season .
One cannot swim up a road .
kitchen for cooking food
A tractor is too heavy to lift with your hands .
drugs are illegal and definetely not taught at school
drugs are dangerous
Some people are born without legs or lose their legs due to trama .
Hard rocks do not bring success
You should feel comfortable around friends .
Cars don t fly .
Money is made not grown .
Although they are able to climb trees rats prefer to live in dark places
Loggers do not plant trees they cut them down .
It is not natural for one to keep detesting while talking .
hoover does not bake things
Dad s right beside me so I won t miss him .
Football is played with feet .
Gold is a solid metal with mass
the earth is not in the sun
Drugs can damage teenagers brains
There are automobiles with alternative fuel like electric cars
He has to face the mirror to see into the mirror and his back would not be in view .
There is no such thing as a giraffe racer and it wouldn t ride a tortoise if there was one
Kitchen is where food is cooked or food items are stored .
Fires provide light and warmth
No one wants to go out during a tornado
Chair is not a kind of living things and dose not need water .
A computer has limited space in a hard rive so the storage cannot be unlimited .
Parents are relations by blood and are not things sold in super market
for power there is a power box not for glasses
To transmit energy we cannot use the wool .
Dinosaurs don t exist anymore .
A teddy bear is an inanimate object .
Pizzas are not readable
The withered leaves are yellow
You cannot use paper to make a purchase
Sponges are too small for bears to physically get inside of one .
Spider immune mosquito coil
billy joel s strength is not even remarkable
pan do not eat lobster
Leopards live in warm weather
Taking a bath wont change the fact that you are fat .
you don t order a doctor
People become tired after excessive bleeding and not more energetic .
A gun is a weapon that is used to fire bullets and a basketball can t hold or fire bulletts .
Linen is a type of cloth .
Paint thinner is not for human consumption .
Food is eaten with your hands .
Volcano is not the home for animals .
Subways are not frequently used late at night .
Large buildings cannot be lifted up .
A coin has monetary value not a timepiece .
lipsticks used for makeup
dinosaur is a big animal
Vegetable markets don t sell shoes
Books are more commonly bought in book stores .
Cars are too big to fit in sinks .
gun is not for eat
chicken is meat and therefor not vegetarian
People don t smile when they are sad .
Dogs are pets and don t go in fridges .
Rabbits usually hop and don t run .
A microwave oven can be used to heat food
FISH COULDN T UNLOCKED THE DOOR
School does not play movies
Gold is pretty heavy .
sea is salty .
Corn needs firm soil to grow .
People are jealous of good things being sick is not good .
House is much bigger than me .
Bikes can t play any sound thus no one try a bike s sound quality
Basketballs are bigger than cats .
A chicken cannot eat humans .
Dead people do not watch movies at a cinema .
oil is not a drinking one
You must sleep with your eyes closed .
Gloves are for hands
Book cannot read by dogs .
Baby s aren t police officiers
Awards are not awarded for average things .
Uneconomic factories are inefficient so generally operating them is a bad thing .
washing machine is used to wash clothes
a basin cannot be put to one s face to wash the face
PEN USED FOR WRITE
People can eat apples but not basketballs .
A tiger cannot fit into the toaster .
viruses often make people sick and unhealthy .
It s not possible to smoke a cat .
beef is not a kind of fruits
Tigers is animal without leaves
Lunch can be eaten even without a table .
You don t do exams in a cafe .
no one allow their son to eat dirt
Hotel is a place for accommodation
English is based upon knowledge and building something physical has little influence on your understanding of it as a language .
Hardware stores can t operate in an airport
Sailors don t use buses and there weren t buses back then
The mother should know that stones can t be eaten .
having an iphone makes you cool
Potatoes are not an energy conductor .
Asia is a continent .
A fish cannot walk .
losing his lover is sad
People don t wear leashes .
the lack of salary and training will weaken his authority and make the mercenary lose loyalty
Space travel doesn t exist
Dogs do not eat chairs
Planes are faster than trains
Pigeons are not a symbol of war .
a container cup can not hold ice
Eyes do not need to be brushed with toothpaste .
A vegetarian will not eat meat such as a steak .
The ostrich cannot fly .
Wearing fewer clothes makes you feel more cold .
contact lenses must be easy to see through
Moon s orbit is around the earth
Egg does not need to mop the floor .
Couches do not move on their own so they can not make dinner .
shoes go on feet
Bicycles cannot be ridden across an ocean .
A lion is not a human being to be arrested .
YOU WALK BY USING YOUR LEGS
Sports cars don t have a railway
Tortoises don t bark .
Watching TV does not help you learn before a test .
Wine cellar does not find in a zoo .
Screens are designed so as to allow some of the wind inside not to keep the wind out .
An Indian is a man who is too big to be put inside an oven .
YOU SIT IN A SEAT WHEN WATCHING A PLAY IN A THEATER
Water is a noun and does not describe clearance .
kitten is a small of cat
Fish must live in water .
Ear phones do not have a wake up alarm
employers should pay people they hire
His hat would block his vision .
The ship traveled in the sea .
A fire hydrant provides water .
Headphones don t have games on them
Cats eat mice so they are not good friends .
No one buys or sells rotten milk .
Sky is a place where a fox cannot be seen .
All people are not deaf .
Having a busy job takes a lot of time leaving little for family .
if you re in chernobyl maybe radiation kills you
a top student isn t from being planted .
Apple does not make food .
Drinking whisky is not healthy .
Most pencils don t use batteries .
Juice makers are usually in kitchens and not Tyre change shops .
There is no such thing as tomato soap .
people sit on chairs or tables not zoo .
crying over spilled milks gets you nothing
People actually learn a lot while studying abroad .
BUT NOT BEACH TO LIVE IN MADURAI
a tree is not a type of building
icecream needs to be cold and melts
Fiends are mean and he would not want any of those .
He cannot lent money he doesn t have
A rocket can travel fast enough to escape the Earth s gravity
Doctors aren t used in the retrieval of horses or the enforcement of the law .
leaves are usually yellow in autumn
Walking on the moon requires you to be an astronaut
A soup is liquid and can t be cooked with a knife
Water cannot be chewed .
The only way to get to mars is by spaceship .
Water will lit off the cigarette .
It s not legal to break someone s door .
Homework takes priority over play .
Chopsticks is a form of cutlery .
Gravity will not allow it .
Horse does not lay eggs .
people who drink poisons will die
Alcohol has psychedelic effects
long hours of continuous work will cost a lot of energy
Walking on the grass is bad for the environment
Humans cannot run as fast as jet planes
Under the tyranny of kings people are afraid
Basketball is flexible
By the international system standard an hour has got sixty minutes or 3600 seconds
Salads are healthy food
People hike over mountains .
Trees cannot think
Computers are not used for food and they are not edible
If you are full stop eating .
fish don t live in the mountains
NOTEBOOK IS NOT A BICYCLE
Socks are not worn on the head .
Rocks don t grow on trees .
An alpaca is not a place .
While taking shower we cannot eat .
People with a negative attitude is usually unhappy
Hippos do not fit in mailboxes .
acid makes harm its not a drink
the Great Wall is much longer than 6700 meters
A flak jacket is too cold to go skiing in .
Books are not edible .
Cup can t hurt anybody .
Celery is not usually a dessert .
A restaurant provides food not medical care
George Washington is dead .
You do not set fire to food
Hamburgers are a lunch or dinner food and pudding is a dessert .
Mobile is a communicating device
There is no wine in the zoo
ocean is not industrial product
Bears do not cast blame on others or particularly care who is at fault .
Summer is hot srason so water becomes hot only .
The moon is out of reach
zoos does not show boats
no one used gasoline as mouthwash
Whales are much bigger than pots .
Volcano cannot be eat .
You can not drink oil
A violin is not a method for preparing pizza .
Monkeys are not known to watch or understand sports .
teeth have no affect on a wifi signal
People don t eat glass for dinner or any other daily meals .
People can not sit on the wings for it is dangerous
Certain drugs are used to cure ailments .
You drive to the store not into the store .
Walls don t have locks
gates are for outdoor use
Troops know how to use guns and would not need assistance .
Nail polish is toxic to cats .
Pepperoni is made through dry curing
Peter s idea needs words to explain .
Electricity cannot be purchased in kilogram quantities .
A duck only has two legs .
Ice is frozen and cannot be warm .
cello is an instrument that can not be danced to
Baseball needs two teams to play
A pastor does not know law he preaches only religion .
whales don t fall from sky they are too big
lip gloss is to make lips look glossy not red
shoes can not be put on the ceiling
Fathers normally should stay with their kids .
we ll feel more cold when taking off coat in the cold wind
Being quiet is usually a requirement of being in a library while screaming is loud .
Eyes are for seeing with not eating with
Sports lessons are usually taken in field
Cabbages aren t used for nail care .
Cold medicine is not illegal .
Beds are never covered in grass .
New York is in the USA .
Mammoth do not exist .
Flowers do not produce chocolate milk .
jumping from buildings is injurious to health
Hospitals are rare in rural areas .
A knife is not a sharp as a razor so it can t be used for shaving
Bridges are a form of necessary transport not attractions to tourists .
printer ink is not edible and it s called potato soup because it is made of potatoes
Crocodiles are considered to be reptiles and not mammals .
People need to see each other to fall in love .
Cars cannot travel through space .
Broiling is a process to cook meat not cake .
Light cannot be heared .
Bracelets are not worn on a person s head .
dogs would die if they ate cords
Fever is only one of the symptoms of a cold not necessarily every cold .
There is no reason cleaning your monitor would cut your fingers in any way .
A sock is ment to be worn in legs .
Mars lacks the conditions for human survival
Modern news sources mean you don t have to read newspapers .
Lawyers do not have Doctor in front of their names .
A cactus is not a drink .
Submarines do not fly .
RAINBOW HAS SEVEN COLORS NOT FIVE
People generally don t use a window to let in guests or visitors .
Helicopters are not grown .
Single people is not allowed to buy a aerliner
impossible to live under a rock
Birds cannot live in the sea .
People will wear an apron but not an armor in their daily lives
fire cannot be contained in a bottle
An electric fan had no life to be kept as a pet .
A 4 course meal is too big to be a snack
his health would protect him from death
Pliers are not a food ingredient .
Stones are not edible and lack nutrients for growth
Ovens are used to warm up or cook food .
no one eats sand as food
Guns do not fire themselves
Young people cannot be old .
Sunlight makes people feel hot
Corn grows on stalks from the ground .
visiting the neighbor is not in the preparation steps of cooking dinner
Clock is running on battrey
Dinosaurs have already been extinct millions of years ago .
People do not eat cotton .
People who are unconcerned about students are usually not teachers .
Stone can t be used as food
salmon is a kind of fish not lamp
Dinosaurs have long disappeared in this world
Poison are very dangerous to health but milk is safe
The pumpkin cannot window .
Lectures are for the professor to give new lessons
Benches are not a food
High temperature in oven
You can t arrest a fish .
A cat is not accepted in postal service .
Cheetah will not be a pet because it is a domestic animal .
Dirty clothes won t get clean in the refrigerator
Theatres do not have haircutting equipment
Stones don t burn .
A person can t do homework on a ceiling because gravity would pull them down .
Bags are not edible .
humans die if we don t sleep
Shoes are always worn on the feet .
the strait is only crossable by boat
Fire is not delivered in a bottle by room service .
People cannot make lakes in a kitchen .
There is no golf course in the internet cafe .
Salary has to enter an account not a house
A rope would not help an injured leg
Creatures can change for their environment over a long period of time .
The apple core is not suitable for eating .
Monkeys don t drink wine so this statement does not make sense .
Planting seeds will not change your oil .
A paper clip cannot cut paper .
Poison kills people
The car will sink in the water .
Chickens are a small bird .
cold medicine is not illegal
A potato can not clean anything .
Highways are dangerous
coffee not found in caffine
A desk can not fit in a oven .
Dish washers do not play movies .
Pork grease would make her home much more dirty than it was before .
Metal isn t crispy nor something people would want to eat .
Submarine does not have wings to fly .
Plastic forks are very cheap .
Teachers do no perform dentistry .
Fish cannot run .
CAMELS ARE BIGGER THAN WOMAN
Eating too much is not the reason for coughing
Video games don t have a taste since they re not food
You cannot sleep on a stove that is made for cooking
Bananas do not have pits .
Roof cannot found in the garage .
Dirty dishes go in the sink not under the couch .
Bikini is not suitable to wear in cold weather
Watet is not necessary in barbecue .
Batteries are used they cannot use things .
Pandas are rarely seen with any other type of animal or species .
It s not possible to look for someone in the moods .
You cannot write with water .
Homeless shelters are for humans
Rainwater is a liquid and cannot be sent through a computer .
Toothpaste is used to clean teeth not to wash clothes
Laptop is a portable computer people use to do work
You can not light water because water puts out flame .
Cotton is not sugar
Wolves have fur not wool
There aren t aliens in the world .
Usually people keep gold safe
Trees are rooted in the ground and aren t mobile .
An injured leg is not conducive to movement let alone to improve running ability .
Rat poison is not an ice cream flavor .
Bread is not a beverage .
Chickens lay eggs .
A house can t drive .
It s a hexagon that has six sides .
Hot and sweet are categorically different tastes .
"Calculus " has two "C "s and two "C " sounds .
Donuts are inanimate objects and cannot run .
Airplanes don t fly in the ocean .
A Library is a quiet place to study .
Pigs are not capable to fly
Scissors cannot cut through iron .
We breathe oxygen .
Stones are resited to heat .
Heaven has no pages like the book .
There is no blood in the non living things
Flowers don t typically grow from stones .
Phone cannot answered by the cat .
When you are hungry your body is telling you to eat something .
Everyone should know their birthday
Swimming pools are always filled with water
Swords don t fit in kitchen drawers .
Water is not an ingredient used in a burger
students have to get good grades to go into a world famous university
The kitchen is the place for cooking and the bathroom is for bathing .
Salt is not sweet .
The rain is the cause of water not the traffic
Europe is a larger area than France .
Monkeys are not smart enough
a car cannot be worn as a hat
You cannot transport an oven .
A car is to big to fit in a washing machine .
Everyone has two feet
It is unconventional and illegal for a person to marry a monkey .
FRIDGE IS NOT A LIBRARY
No one uses thread to open up a bottle or can of coke .
It doesn t matter what a mouse has on it is genetically still a mouse .
Planes usually fly independently
It would be counter productive to close an umbrella when it is rainy especially if you are outside .
Happiness is an emotion it can t create problems
loving a place means not being happy to leave it
Tofu is too soft
Oil is not drinkable
a glass rod is too fragile to pierce a board
A hat is not an item of food .
A cop will catch or eat a fish but not arrest it .
Makeup doesn t make people ugly but beautiful
Monkeys have no intelligence to cook
CHURCH IS NOT A PARK TO PLAY
Oct means Eight and Penta meas Five so octagon can t have five sides .
trains can only be driven on railroad tracks
Apples are nutritious .
Water does not contain iron .
Grapes does not have apple skin .
cats are usually afraid of water
Dishwashers are a modern convenience .
Panda s cannot be kept as pets .
Microwave heats things up but fridge cools things down .
The earth is much bigger than the moon .
Wine will not hydrate you effectively .
Coffee shops usually don t sell beer .
sport is not a place to land .
I m not free since I have to pick up my mother at the airport
People are heavier than water and therefore cannot walk on top of it .
Dinosaurs are extincted
Drives have to obey traffic regulations or something bad will happen .
human is unable to go to the sun now .
a tank is a ground vehicle
A lion is not something you cook for dinner .
Polaris points toward the north
Most people don t like to be out in the rain .
no one can take sky
people eat food but not food eats people
Rocks can t cry .
Air is invisible andcannot be painted
run is a intransitive verb .
You can t buy other people s children .
You can t drive ovens .
The sentence implies she is using the bowl to make a all and a bowl isn t used to make a call
stick is kind of solid
Thieves try to avoid cops at all costs .
Anvils are too large and heavy to throw .
A kitten is a small cat .
Money is not edible .
people are much heavier than fishes
A school bag cannot hold enough clothes for travelling .
Only opening the window would allow for venilation .
person usually want the state to increase benefits
no green plants produce water
Spaceship is a place where the stewardess does not work .
i cooked the salmon not caught
Smoking is dangerous to health and world health organization warns that smokers are liable to die young .
The sun is hot and would not help a person cool down .
One wears a coat not because of sunlight being strong but because it is cool er and the warmth of the coat is needed when outdoors .
Dish washer does not wash clothes
Supermarket is made up of closed shelter so we can not get the sunshine .
Putting silt in a soup would make it innedible
Horses are likely to be found on farms and valleys
A car does not give off light .
iron is too hard to cut .
Clerks don t have the right to carry guns .
A person cannot fly .
almost no one has blue skin
A book does not have the ability to show what time it is .
elevators are too heavy to be hung on a wall
there is no sugar in ocean water
Yellow is not the colour of the sky .
WHALE SLEPT ON SEA NOT ON BED
No one wears shoes in hands
No one has ever grown up on the moon .
A cat is too small and fragile for a girl to play on
Cars are not good modes of transport
there s no gravity in the space
A ship is much larger than a piano .
A cat is an animal and is not immortal .
winter is a cooling season
Restaurant is not a place to take the computers .
Thin people typically don t want to lose weight .
birds cannot support airplanes lifting off .
Candies cannot be used to tear buildings down
Pork is a pig and not a turkey .
A club has no antenatal medical personnel on duty .
Nail spa mostly deals with nail services like manicure and is not for hair care
Tea is not made with boiling mud .
Teachers are not interested in their students grandparents .
No one eat silver spoon as food .
An elephant would be a present not a treat .
Toothpaste is not used on a face
no one uses water to barbecue meat
Elephants are not pets .
A wall is a thing and not a human identity .
At an Italian restaurant you typically will not find Sushi instead you will find Italian food .
Water does not act as fuel in a car engine
The dog cannot took the girl for walk .
Most people work during daylight hours .
people do not keep soup in bathroom
Without oxygen in space human beings cannot survive
Several pieces of candy is called candies
plastics are always cheap
Lions can t be kept in a garden by a gardener .
scales are used for measuring the weight of things
pianos play musical notes and aren t used to type in a computer
Dogs can not fly .
Neighbor s s child cannot be bought .
Listening to music is not against the law
the speed of the airplane is very fast .
clothes are put on by humans
goats are mammals that engage in live births
Books should be bought in bookstores and there are generally no books in orchards .
Europe is a continent and is too large to be in a small country like France .
Iron rod is made of metal .
A person isn t a musical instrument .
When people are scared they will cry but not laugh
Electronic devices are helpful to humans .
No one dives into the mud because it is contaminated .
Planning a tour to Italy is quite possible versus trying to set up a battle in Europe .
Big houses usually are too expensive for the poor
RED IS COLOR NOT TRUNK
A sandwich isn t equipment that is thrown to a catcher .
no one teaches English in toilet .
the child crying cannot cause the blocks to fall down
Biologically they have more than one .
People normally wear sunglasses to protect themselves from scorching heat not at the time of rains
Giraffe cannot be brought .
Toothpaste will wash away and not stay like paint would .
Batteries don t grow in flowerbeds .
spoon is not a weapon
tv does not shows the time for an evening
Restaurants are for eating
working overtime is not that common
Rats are hopefully less than a foot long .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
A hat is not worn on hands .
An ant is too small to jump over a fence .
Zebras have stripes of two colors .
a bank doesn t deal with pens
tiger is too dangerous to play with
She cannot wash the dishes in the bathroom .
You do not breathe after you die .
bathing with dishwashing liquid can damage your skin
living people will always die
Lemon juice isn t sweet .
A turtle can never be fast .
Bleach is poisonous to the human body
bag is a non living thing
Computers are electical devices and have no place for a person inside .
People aren t a food source for lobsters
Everything damages the environment .
The barbecue won t work in the water .
A tiger does not belong or fit in a toaster .
Children do not understand the concept of love outside of their family yet .
Planes cannot go to Mars .
Mooncakes is made for Mid Autumn Festival and not for Christmas .
no one use chairs against the rain
Cooking is done in the kitchen
Apple is an American brand
The Sun is the star at the center of the Solar System
the water turns to ice below zero degrees centigrade
a computer will break if cooked by a pan
You cannot knit food .
Monkeys can t eat stones
bells are ringing loudly so wont be silent when rings
butchers cut meat not hair
iPhone s are used for communication and cannot be used to catch fish .
HER FAILED IN THE QUALIFICATION EXAM SHE DOESN T GET INTO UNIVERSITY
Dinosaur is extinct
The prayer hall is not for shopping at .
Children are too young to drink wine .
A calculator cannot play movies
Highlighters can be dyed to different colors .
if you eat pork raw you cant get sick
no one feels comfortable when getting hurt
A tanker holds liquid and steel is a metal .
Door cannot be opened by pen
Slugs cannot jump .
The earth is several times bigger than the moon .
A butterfly cannot fly to great heights .
There is no pool to swim in at a playground .
Gold is a chemical element and not made by man .
Useless hints would be pointless and not wanted for
TORCH DOESN T HAVE KNOWLEDGE
Pulsation does not contain carbonic acid
brooms are not sturdy enough to forcefully move a baseball through the air
Dodo birds are extinct and they are birds .
Spoons are used for eating not for wearing .
Only women deliver babies
A piece of paper is tore .
oven never alert us to wake up
A beautiful princess would live in a castle not a fridge
A document cannot be typed on a bag as it is not thin like paper .
Human cannot go through the glass curtain wall
Haze does not need to be sheltered by the umbrella .
flowers never grow on sky
Mars cannot sustain human life and humans have never reached Mars
Standard bath tubs could not hold a whale .
Clouds don t have words
Snow is not made of stone
Candles don t belong in the freezer .
Rocks are too solid to be broken by our hands .
A cat s tail belongs to a living creature .
A store is a building which is immovable .
A chair is not edible .
temperature of ice is very low .
rice is a solid not a liquid
A president won t hope his own team to lose
people who haven t eaten for a long time will die
Motorcycles are too heavy and would sink in water .
Chinese food is found in a Chinese restaurant .
To share a room with someone needs you to expose to each other
Curtains do not have any properties that could block waves
Coffee is not a stimulant found in caffeine .
If you are an only child with two parents you have three members in your family .
GIFT IS USED FOR GOOD THING
People cannot go to the moon on their own .
Minerals do not naturally occur in the human body
I m a human and chickens do not eat humans for food
Plants have to grow in the grown .
not need to be hike for seeing supermarket
Plants do not get angry .
There is no doctor in the restaurant who can treat the disease
Crocodile cubs are carnivores so they only eat meat .
Toes are so small that a tow truck does them no good .
a jug is so small than an elephant
Donuts are pastries .
gasoline won t clean your dishes
Lantern Festival is a Chinese festival and Santa Claus is a Western legend .
bed is too small for a plane
Kneecaps are found on legs not faces .
A humans nose is unable to grasp items .
Gravity only pulls things to the earth not up into the air .
People go to the library to read and check out books and watch porn in private .
A car ride does not make you clean .
Sugar has to be eaten to give you cavities .
Toasters do not provide light .
a rock isn t living therefor doesn t reproduce
Excellent policy of that country will not kill the millions of people .
A BOOK IS NOT A DATUM
Apple has a lot of nutrition
Friends are people who you are familiar with so you wouldn t feel out of place among them .
A piano does not have letter keys .
Heavy clouds never suggests good weather .
Feet cannot speak .
Rubber bands are inedible .
People don t toast with water
High tuition is an indicator of a high quality education in the US so it would not make students reluctant .
Chinese uses Chinese language to speak at home .
salary is money not food
Chinese food does not typically include pizza .
it is unlikely to waste sea .
A graveyard is a place where the graves of people rest not monitors
Water is not stored in the bed .
China does not have provinces .
The golfer is too big for the hole
Banana s can range from green when unripe to black when rotten but they are never red .
soda is not a hot drink
there are no cells in the clouds
No one watches perfume .
schoolwork does not require any bullets
Air can get through masks .
Pens are stationary objects meant for writing not a piece of furniture
Grass is a thing that cannot paint .
A tree is too large to fit in a fridge
You can not swim on land
Soccer players play on grass fields not in mountains .
Seniors are older in age
Water cannot be chewed
Watermelon is not poisonous .
There are no mountains in New York city .
LION COULDN T BUY TICKET
Partial radicals are not found in English characters .
Animals have no leaves
bottle is not eatable
A car cannot run on soda
Talking is usually not permitted during class lectures .
Trembling makes you warm up
You take cats to the vet when they re sick .
n Mcdonalds they don t sell lobster
Happiness is a feeling that cannot be traded for money .
A person only typically has two eyes .
Cats cant eat elephants because they are too large .
Men don t have breasts and breasts themselves are not enhanced with an air pump .
Leaf cannot present in the center of some grapes .
Snow doesn t fall when it is hot .
Playground is not a place where we cannot swim .
Penicillin does not helps to fight back his enemy .
anyone can drive on any highway
Alcohol by it s chemical nature has an intoxicating effect .
blood pressure knows only doctor
A moon is too high for a chair to be drawn there .
Tesla does not make gasoline powered cars .
cat is bigger
Because the vegan would not eat pork
phones are not made for swiming
house does not have birthday .
Water is an essential need of our body to survive not the games .
Computers can not catch falling things .
Languages are very difficult to muster especially when you are old
EVERYONE HAVE A BIRTHDAY
People tend to think that god is powerful and turn to him for help
A tiger has not letters on herself
People will not ordinarily buy a phone that is not innovative
gravity prevents people from sleeping on the ceiling
Group of Bacteria can not be referred as society to spread on the bread .
Alcohol dehydrates you . Poor grammar used in sentence .
People will be arrested only when they are criminals
Head don t contain the lungs
she cannot cycle with a car
Highways are very dangerous and not meant for anyone who is not in a car .
Chopsticks can not hold liquid things .
Money can t cure an incurable disease .
Rich will have very large property
Police should be praised for if they response quickly
A spoon is an impractical tool to use when carving a ham .
You are likely to find a TV in the living room .
A pot is too big to drink from .
A pot can t light a candle .
Dogs are not put on head but a hat is wore on head
The moon is impossible to move or give away
No one can climb a faucet .
Speeding up on a rainy day can easily lead to a car accident .
A nuclear plant is larger than a house
Apple trees produce apples
Necklaces are made with metals and not with pudding .
The electricity company would not reimburse him for car damage
A fan gets turned on when it s hot not cold .
HE SPENT EVENING WITH STUDY NOT FOR WATCHING TV
Fog prevents seeing distances .
Restaurants are places to eat not to heal
Old books are not as good as the new books .
A bed is not a clothing item .
The order of the seasons is spring summer autumn and winter
Coffee doesn t make you sleepy it makes you energetic .
Stones cannot sustain life .
Mice cannot learn to use computers .
Trees can t climb they are rooted to the spot .
Car does not fold .
You don t accelerate when you see someone in the road .
Stones would hurt the chickens feet .
Headphones have no display
Grass is not alive and has no mouth .
the earth revolves around the sun
A nurse works in a hospital
Books are used to record what happens over longer periods of time and not day to day .
Lions don t attend meetings .
A pencil does not have a chocolate core .
Humans invent things .
Peaked cap doesn t have a particular smell .
A horse can t mount a person
Desks are not edible .
The nose is used for breathing but hands for holding things .
peanut oil is used for cooking .
Sheep do not shop
Fire would burn and kill a fish .
You can not see through a washing machine .
Bananas do not have a typing capability .
Apples taste the best when they are mature and therefore should not be bitter .
cookies in a moist place would turn soft and less delicious
A loofah can only grow on a loofah vine .
Cars cannot fly
rivers do not flow upward into the sky
You can t trap anything in a plate .
bad colds are unpleasant
An apple is not a vehicle .
The wool is an insulator and the current does not pass through .
grass doesn t sing
A phone can not control a TV .
Humans will die without food .
Sandles are an article of clothing and not edible .
Once ice freezes its stuck the way it is until melted .
Bananas are not long or flexible enough to hold up . pants
The government does not provide low income insurance to the rich
The night sky contains stars and not stones .
Since there is no flash allowed in caves you can not use flashlights
Books are inanimate objects .
no one can walk on the water
Pandas don t have cups in their hands
Rocks don t fall from trees .
Cameras is not a protection component of cell phones
Sunlight rays doesn t contain anything for good health
seawater can be filtered and drunk
Puddings wouldn t be a priority to see along with roads
PLANTS NEED WATER AND SOIL TO LIVE NOT POISON
rice is closed thing
pork is meat not vegetables
People tend to avoid flying insects not eat them .
Ice is the solid form of water .
Human beings do not possess the biological functions necessary to facilitate the use of solar energy .
Dogs cannot buy things .
A car cannot fit in a closet .
You can not ride a turtle
A fridge is to store food .
Soliders are people who go to war and protect their people .
Latest news and events are opposite from advertisements .
Fish don t eat cats .
coffee does not contains a spicy taste
Cigarettes come in boxes .
A bed is a non living thing .
Humans do not eat live chickens
there are no teachers in gym for learning math .
Fish can not walk
It s impossible to listen to music with a mouse .
Remote controls are used to control electronic items linked to it .
Tree is much bigger than the grass .
Mountains do not fit in rivers .
PNETAGAN MEANS FIVE
Retiring and being financially secure does not require investing in a stock portfolio solely .
Bombs are very dangerous and threatening gifts .
photos record things happened in the past not things will happen in the future
Fridge is not a place
police usually release good people
A car cannot fly therefore cannot go to the moon .
Poison is toxic and should not be consumed
dentist is a teeth specialist
Pizza is eaten with hands not chopsticks .
Toasters are not to be put into baths .
Female dragonflies avoid male dragonflies .
Oatmeal is used for making porridge not for making omelettes .
Houses don t go in barns .
Some people don t like mustard on sandwiches
perfume is not a movie to watch
NO ONE ADDICTED TO SHOWER CUTAINS
bicycles are not pets
Eyeballs are spherical not curly like hair .
The jungle is full of trees and octopus need the ocean to survive
Washing machines only use washing powder .
A cook does not have the authority to determine who can adopt an orphan .
YOU ARE LIKELY TO FIND A DOLPHIN IN THE OCEAN
Not only can food make you fat but countless other problems
Those wild animals are only kept in controlled environments and are not freely left to rome among people .
There is no opera at the cinema .
A state will not in a box
Cannot do business with marrige cards
Dinosaurs are extinct .
A judge is a part of the legal system .
Medals are not given to losers .
Helicopter is much bigger than chair
Bread would get wet and ruined on rainy days .
apple is a fruit
Spatulas are not edible
It would be silly to go to the hospital for a broken cell phone .
Sheep are herbivores
Knife does not help to measure the length .
A performer does not earn a face palm since this gesture represents failure
Putting his rival down the thrown would not be beneficial to Caesar .
No one can sleep over water .
Fixing a cell phone s screen needs money
Feet are not voicable .
Diamonds are not edible .
square is not a football shape
Dogs have to be fed by their masters .
Grass is not edible food
hotel is not for schooling .
A tennis racket cannot make music
Eyes fulfill the purpose of view they are not used for eating
Stone can t eat
santa monica is a city in california
Ants are not known to eat humans
Air is free .
Cultural relics are usually located in historical places .
Jobs are not get by the employees .
Water extinguishes flames .
oven doesn t show recipe
Food is not meant to be drank .
Turning the volume up makes it louder .
Animals rely on others for their food they don t have capabilities like plants to make their own food .
Sharks are found in the sea not in forest .
There aren t many tall building in a village .
Anime cannot be live action because it s anime is not live .
paper should does not belong in the waste bin
Mountain shoes is not used to play soccer by the players .
Aircraft don t need a platform
If it s cold you should leave your coat on .
Lions do not pet they only bite .
Dishes are washed after a meal .
Portrait painting cannot done on water .
Sugar is used to make desserts .
Shoes do not fit on peoples heads
Sun is much bigger than the earth .
A lectern cannot talk .
Tetris is a Playing game .
Teddys are fake animals and cannot drink milk
Pencil is an object to write things on paper
Ice cream stores do not sell laptops .
working has an aim which is to provide for living expenses
Pencils does not requires ink to be filed .
Soy sauce is liquid and cannot be carved
Wounds are not enjoyable because they hurt .
there is no professional equipment for body testing in the garage
Yogurt is already a fermentation product
The harbor is used to park ships so it can not be in the desert
Blood is not needed for a job .
Table is inanimate and can t speak .
No one has ten fingers in one hand .
it is not proven that superstition can help people live longer
Smartphones have multiple applications .
Bacteria is not visible to the human eye and is far too primitive to have a sense of fashion .
Traffic rules exist for safety .
Arizona is in the United States
dinosaur has become extinct so there is no dinosaur pond
you don t have food on the library only books
lava will burnt the car
No one can survive on the sun
Gasoline is a form of gas which cannot be drunk .
Dogs have been domesticated for human service
Bycycles are not used in wheelbarrow races .
A bicycle is too big to fit in a bag .
Wooden boards are not made from rubber .
Pen is used to write while handle is used to open the doors .
Offices aren t used for skiing .
Soda is not relished hot .
The whale is so huge
There is no need to be afraid of delicious food
Glass is too soft to sharpen steel .
People do not keep their money in hospitals .
frenches use Euros not dollars
Integrity is neither illegal or wrong .
We can describe a house by it s looks .
Sneakers only have one big hole for you to put your shoes in .
mechanic only repair the the bicycle
A car is much bigger than his hand .
wine is for adults therefore children would not be drinking it
Dogs do not find humor in being alone .
Nobody unites with enemies .
People don t grow in the dirt they do best in a house with their family food sleep emotional mental and physical stimulation .
Stones need to be extremely hot to melt
Dog is much bigger than a fridge
Motor cycles are in two wheeler category
dogs can t read book as people .
Cake is not liquid to drink
Necklaces are only ornaments .
people do not wash garbage before throwing them away
You can t hit the keys with your mouth .
A sad person will never laugh .
its impossible to travel to saturn
If they scored they should be the winners .
You pay attention in a meeting .
Sheila is a human being that have no tail
A monkey is too small to pull a huge oak tree out of the ground .
A policeman cannot bring charges against a lion .
Bologna is a solid it cannot be poured like water
MOments are very short
Melody is produced by musical instruments but not with fruits like lemon .
Mineral water contains only trace amounts of salt .
Seeking for a job have nothing to do with the death of one s parent
You cannot eat stones
A baby is not fully developed at birth and can not speak
A lizard is a cold blooded animal .
a ship can t move without water
CYCLE IS NOT A TREADMILL TO RUN
You have a good time and laugh when you watch a comedy .
Eggs are eaten as food and are not used to clean floors .
Kites don t cry
Suits are not sold in hardware stores .
An X ray is not used to place a call
people cannot walk on the sun now .
Bikes can not fly .
Chicken cannot be a girl .
He cannot type in a pen with a computer .
shoes does not produce light
Flowers can t grow inside one s ear .
Dolphins do not come red in color .
She had to work hard to get the grades not the other way around
Lightning comes before thunder
Calculators are known to perform logarithmic functions and do not act as a light source .
Gun cannot be used in the library .
Coffee is a liquid .
You can t physically be in a wall to sing .
pen is not a vehicle
We can t move building with our hands . So it it not possible to throw it
Light travels faster than sound
Adults do not typically wear onsies especially to formal events
House cannot be swallowed .
Dogs are carnivores and do like eating meat
whales do not belong in the woods
Books are kept in libraries not zoos
Tuna are fish and cannot feed cats .
DINOSAURS ARE MUCH TO BIG TO DRINK OUT OF COFFEE CUPS .
the thief was afraid of being arrested by police not a child
They are too hard to actually digest .
planes leave from airports
It is necessary to drink a beverage to quench one s thirst .
Paper is made from wood not glass and it cannot store liquids .
Stars are not seen in a cloudy sky .
There is no such thing as a house stable
tabloids focus on celebrity gossip which does not contribute to one s intellect
Temples churches and mosques are for people to practice their religion .
Pigs don t fly .
You can not fly in a pool .
There are many different religions and ideologies disagreements have caused a lot of conflict in history .
People s eyesight can t see things in the dark
Turtles are animals .
Someone reads the newspaper to gather information a stamp is not necessarily associated with a newspaper .
The sun can t be up at 2 locations at one time
Dinosaurs are already extinct so they can t be on the brink of extinction
Summer is a hot season .
London is not a captain but a city .
cheers usually involve alcohol
Only person can buy bags but bags can not buy a person
Players cannot with a football
A cup is not used for sleeping .
Motor cycls cannot run faster than sound speed .
A car is to dig to fit in a doghouse .
No one is able to throw a building .
A pig is a fresh animal .
human cannot run for 100 planets
the dj only works at parties
The rock cannot play music
screens strain your eyes
Pliers are used for twisting cutting wire .
The pumpkin can t be a window .
Sack piece is not a thing to print a picture
Surgery is not meant to be done in the kitchen .
Books are not available in the swimming pool .
A furnace isn t designed for food .
Gravity causes the paint to fall .
Noodles are made for eating .
People always want to see others dress nice .
If a ship were made out of stone it would sink .
Toothbrushes are for cleaning your teeth not opening doors .
Child labor is bad .
A dead person is gone and can t be saved .
A tiger does not provide heat .
Drinking and driving can injure you and others .
Barbers do not perform surgeries .
The doctor would have nowhere to practice in a hotel
57 degrees is fatal for a human .
People need to be social to make friends and get information
"excuse me " is to express apology
You cannot scrape your hair .
Stones is too hard to eat
You cannot walk on a water slide
An airplane is to big
cows can t produce juice
A car can not fit in a bathroom .
BREATH IS NOT A READ
Thunder is heard after lightning is seen .
Roof don t give time
Knives are not tools of writing .
Cars don t fly
Deserts are very dry places where it hardly ever rains .
Restaurants want to make money
A vet does not care for human teeth .
Pandas are not purchased as pets .
Dog is not something that flies .
the earth turns from west to east
NO ONE GOES TO HOTEL TO WRITE AN EXAMS
February has 29 days at most
A book can not drop her in the college
Cars are not cooked
Mice can not read a recipe to make a cake and they can not bake .
salmon is a fish . so didnot use fished word for diner .
No one will like people who are harsh to others
usually washing machine can clean only cloths plates are cleaned in dish washer
Every year my brother gets one year older .
The shark lives in the sea and the zebra in the jungle .
not all americans eat tofu
Human s bodies can only utilize oxygen but not dioxide .
The Japanese flag does not have a five pointed star .
A funeral is for a dead person instead of people getting married
Cows are herbivorous
Toaster can t eat .
Dirty dishes do not get thrown away after being washed .
Bombs have to be made of explosive material .
Children can not drive cars until they are 16 .
Gravity pulls the same on everything .
If you skip classes you can t do the work or turn in anything .
Horses don t spin webs .
One cannot ski with the help of cups and saucers .
There isn t riding license needed .
Bags don t always contain potatoes .
A potato is a vegetable and can t infect a person s body .
The ceiling being too high would make it impossible to hit his head .
Humans do not feed babies things that do not contribute to their development .
A student does not teach the teacher .
A bucket is too small to carry a lake
PLASTIC IS NOT MADE OF WOOD
you plant objects in dirt .
HURRICANE NEVER SHOW HOUSE PRICE
vegetarians don t eat meat
Dragons are too vicious and wild to keep as pets
Iron is very hard .
No cat can swim .
patients know that medicine box
No one eats rocks for food .
A payment rise usually means a more decent life
Clouds are black white and grey .
Mary and her mother are both named Mary .
Birds aren t writing instruments .
Gravel is a loose aggregation of rock fragments and inedible
A sedan is a mid sized car only meant to carry up to five people .
Man has only one arm .
Ice cream may cool him down but wont help a fever .
A ferry is to big to fit on a car and a car cannot cross a river
Hunters cannot give birth to animals including rabbits .
Apples are the favourite fruit of most people
Children face harmful situation when travel alone
Book is not eatable .
Water is not currency .
A guitar is for making music and isn t used as a kitchen tool .
The death of a loved one is a very sad thing .
An opera is a show
Jello is not solid enough to make a table .
there must be air on flight otherwise people will die .
a human is not a airplane
stone doesn t leave a mark for writing
People would be happy that the police responded quickly .
An aching tooth inhibits chewing
Mats do not provide heat .
Tables are not edible .
Tables don t melt .
Rainwater is a physical object that cannot be emailed .
A note is not edible
Ticket sellers are responsible for selling tickets at stations or scenic spots .
trains are not available at the airport
a bucket is inanimate and cannot sit
A basketball does not fire bullets
airplane is not a cooking things
You can t strap a watch onto your nose .
A house doesn t need a yard to be a house .
People when they are tired do not sneeze .
Dinosuar is too big to take back home
If she were irresponsible she wouldn t know anything .
A brothel would be an inappropriate place for two world leaders to meet .
BIRDS LAY ONLY EGGS NOT CARS
dumpings don t belong to Chinese food .
You can t cook a blender .
you do not feed a plant milk
STEERING OPERATE BY HAND
Proper tone makes musical enjoyable .
Sleeping is not a form of exercise .
Shoes are not worn on your hands .
THE BOAT IS MADE TO SWIM NOT TO FLEW HIGH
Octagon has 8 sides
When looking at a used car checking the parts is a must to make sure it is working right .
Groceries are paid with Cash not with dolphins
Wizards can protect themselves from being eaten .
A shark will not fit in a car .
Bars are not a good place to read in
Planets are spheres but my car does not have a sphere as volume
a butcher is a person who does not cut hair .
Rivers are fresh water and squids live in salt water .
Milk and wine do not contain the same allergans .
Going swimming at storm is dangerous
fish cannot leave the water
guns are not toys .
A person visits a hospital if he she is ill .
Wolf aren t domesticated animals and can t be pets
Ants have eyes so they can see things
Rabbits can t grow in the soil .
Water is a liquid and cannot become a solid material .
toothpaste is nto used to paint hosues
Red and yellow paint makes purple not green .
A sandwich does not have nails on it .
Sneezing is a response to a cold not fatigue .
A phone screen usually consists of many colors .
A spider is an insect which doesn t have have hands or brain to play the Xbox .
SNOWBOARD IS NOT SWIMMING OBJECT
There is no vaccine for colds and you cannot get a cold from a dog bite .
A piano is too small to be a living space .
Microscope is not a tool for doctors to see a doctor
dentist doesn t treat sickness .
people use piano to play music not video games
Chefs make food they do not cure illness
Smog is a kind of pollution it makes people sad and angry
Banana seeds is too small and soft to spit .
Lamps are not cups .
Monsters do not exist
shouting at a baby would frighten it rather than make it laugh
body is not a character to type
Birth of a sibling is a unique occasion .
Saturn is to far away to go to .
Soap kills germs .
Theory without practice is idle but empty .
Water is not solid and cannot be used to build .
Iron isn t good for making paper .
Mirror can t tidy baby s hair .
Ignoring people can make people angry
People do not eat food in the toilet usually
Plastic would be very loud to sleep on as a pillow
Offering a TV is not the obligation for a restaurant
You would not find ice in a stove .
wearing clothes retains heat
For health reasons one would use a mask to cover the face and not spread germs and a helmet is used basically in sports to protect the head .
Stone can t break the washing machine
A fox has 4 legs and cannot fly .
Waffle makers are used to cook waffles .
A blender is too small
Pandas are not civilized enough to use cups .
A milkshake can be drunk but a car cannot be drunk .
Staying up late is not conducive to the recovery of physical function
Mineral water contains very little salt .
A hand has five fingers .
Humans cannot eat shampoo .
A driveway is a rough piece of concrete you would not wipe your mouth with it .
Sugar is in regular coca cola .
To explore space we cannot use cruise ships .
You can drive wearing any kind of shoes .
Chinchilla is a animal which cannot took to the store .
A SQUARE HAS 4 SIDES
An orange is a fruit it can t play with friends
A hoe cannot be used to mop the ground .
A car is to heavy and large to be hung on a wall .
Cotton is very soft
Bottle is not used for writing .
Tigers are wild animlas
An elephant cannot be eaten .
Money is deposited at a bank
Roses are not edible .
It is impossible to take rockets to work daily
A snake is not a unit of time .
A box is not footwear or an article of clothing .
Swords cannot be used as easily to stop criminals .
There are Apple trees where the fruit grows
The stars are too far a way to put anything on except for a spaceship .
TACOS IS NOT FOR MEDITATED
Home Improvement stores carry items needed to construct improvements to flooring walls cabinets and lighting .
Vaughn is a human name and a cactus has no feelings
A bowling ball won t fit in a butt .
Wardrobes are not inside clothes .
toilet paper would be bad at removing makeup
You cannot drive a car across the ocean between Los Angeles and Honolulu .
fish can t live without water
An ashtray is very dirty and should not come in contact with food .
browsing history not a path
FISH IS SMALLER THAN HUMAN
It s very dangerous to be out and about at night .
We can t swallow the store because is is a shop .
Chickens do not fly far off of the ground .
You can not run with skis on because they are getting in the way with your feet .
Stressful cannot be appear after finishing the assignment .
Dishwashers are not used to clean animals .
Grass is not attractive
The operator s duty is not to translate .
An elephant is a wild animal and cannot be eating by people
Tomatoes are too small to lay on
Apple is nutritious not junk food
driving emits toxic fumes
Something you find in a waterway is a boat .
Lunch meat is served cold .
Ash is not donated but organs are .
Broccoli is a vegetable and too small to live on as humans .
People usually don t own tigers and restaurants never would let one in .
DOG DOESN T HAVE READING KNOWLEDGE
A notice cannot be put inside a policeman .
Books are made for reading riding does on 4 or 2 wheeler vehicles .
Birthdays are not usually celebrated by holding a race .
If my smartphone had only one application it would not be a smartphone
Smoking is prohibited in an elevator .
A bath cannot be placed inside of a person .
There is not lots of fishes in the mountains
To read you will need good lighting and dim lighting would make doing so very difficult
Mud does not go in cake .
Shoeshops sell shoes not bread .
Cars cannot fly .
Only humans can play the guitar
Mount Everest is too big to be used as a table cover
lava is hot
spoon cannot shot the lion .
a lot of wine is not good for people s health
closet in a place to put clothes in not to take a shower
Mercury is the first planet in the solar system
I didn t sell spezi in a washing machine
A pine tree has no wheels or motor .
A bullfrog does not have channels .
Tractor trailers are not items that can be gifted .
Buses cannot be called from an application .
A person cannot shoot at an enemy from a one hundres mile distant as one cannot see the enemy from that distance .
The television is too hard and uncomfortable for Jessie to use as a headrest .
Hair is on one s skin .
the driver couldn t see the traffic at the back or use the steering wheel etc
Notice is no need to answer
Sweet food has sugar which will give you cavities .
part time job does not necessarily provide students with cars
PAPER WILL SPOILED
the television is usually placed in the living room
An elephant is smaller than a microwave and wouldn t fit in it .
Soda bottles do not ring .
Breathing is an automatic response and does not require studying .
Alcohol in blood badly impact on driving ability
There s no oxygen in space and humans need oxygen to breathe
Due to the bright sunlight stars cannot be seen during the day .
Space itself does not contain air as we know it so a human would asphyxiate .
Sensical Statement1 and Nonsensical Statement1 are same .
Swords are inanimate
Water will not hold a shape .
Whale is in the sea .
Fishes are not able to respire on land .
A table is much larger then dishes .
females are opposite gender of men
No one should ever beat anyone else .
Stones cannot be cooked and it is not edible .
Dumplings are eaten year round by the Chinese .
A person s feet would be what you see when you look down not up
babies don t get declawed
combustion engine is dangerous so car can not keep it .
Wine is made in a barrel
A universe cannot be a dog .
No one deposit their s money in the Vegetable market
Thw glass is hard and cannot be folded .
There are no human habitants on the moon .
Dinosaur got extinct so they cannot be seen in the zoo .
Boats are inanimate and can t complete actions on their own .
No human will left to save when an asteroid impact
Children need adults .
People smile when talking to other people they like
A unicorn does not exist in real life
No need to take a book when sleeping
if you don t sleep for a long time you will die
dishwasher washes dishes
It is commonly considerd a sad occasion when a family member passes away
amino acids are proteins
Helicopters don t land or take off from highways .
fish cannot fly
The woman can t drink air because it s a gas .
Needle is smaller than bottle mouth .
apple juice is a drink not a item of furniture
basketballs cant be broken they are full of air
Chickens can only fly short distances
There aren t books sold in clothing shops .
a flute is a kind of instrument not a painting tool
Sharks can t walk .
Usually a table is much bigger than a book
An elephant cant fit in a mailbox
Humans don t eat wood .
Aprons are worn in the kitchen to protect your clothes from getting baking ingredients on them .
People aren t cacti .
When people fart in public it makes them embarrassed and not proud .
He cannot tied a ferret to the present .
Plates are flat .
Paper contains no glass
Fire produces heat which will heat the food
opera is a formal affair where people sit and watch
The sun is out more and it is warmer in the summer .
Hens are not allowed to breed chickens directly .
The size of bird is many times of worms
Automobiles use different fuels .
Books are not human beings
If a room is dark then there is no sun in it .
Stick is not a condition
A spoon is too small to dance on .
Birds do not eat snakes .
Bears do not live in the sea .
Mice don t hunt birds and cats .
Homework should come first .
China is its own country
A pharmacy is for medicine and does not have the staff or ability to deliver mail .
no one sticks cigarettes between legs
Hair needs shampoo toothpaste will stain hair .
Dogs can t scream
A room is not big enough to drive around in a car .
Dogs can t clean
Donkeys cannot make phone calls .
Tuning forks do not have an efficient shape for forking food .
Dinosaurs will not found on the streets .
The bathroom is wet
Aliens haven t been to earth yet
Wastewater is toxic and rich in things that will harm you .
taste of vinegar is sour
The sun rises in the morning and sets at night so at dusk people watch the sunset and not the sunrise .
The outbreak of war has done great harm .
There are no humans on Pluto .
Now cannot exist in the past tense .
you cannot eat tiger
A man is too big to ride an ant .
Murdering birds cannot be done with a spoon
Airplane is too big for a garage .
The bar is used when you are thirsty
Excellent policies don t cause people to die .
birds only live in land
Driving cannot be done by the dogs .
clothes are usually worn on body
Head is not use as locomotion
Apple sells electronic products but not food
It is very indecent not to wear clothes especially on occasions like banquets .
Turning off the lamp will only make it harder to see the book
a blowdryer cannot wet a cloth
Bike is bigger than into the basket .
girl is human not pet .
Guide dogs are for blind not deaf owners
table can t write bro
Children are not as mentally developed as adults .
Wedding cakes are objects and cannot have feelings .
No human can eat a piece of wood .
A stethoscope is to hear heart and breath .
A shark is a fish in the ocean .
table is not a place for sleep
Monkeys do not have the intelligence required to create sports and basketball was invented by a Canadian .
pictures are not sound and can t be heard
Dogs are not containers nor will they hold liquid .
Donkeys can t make phone calls .
lots of resting make people lazy .
elephant is big animal
Wood is flammable and wouldn t put out a fire .
at 100 degrees Celsius water has a 100 chance of boiling
refugees don t bring a lot of money with them
Anvils are not made to play ball .
A man does not fit in a microwave .
Toasters are not clothing
you can t physically touch a goal
RABBIT DOES NOT LIKE A BOTTLE
while cannot fly in the sky
both fish and pork are not different kinds of fruit
Woods never reflect a clear image
Estrogen is actually a hormone found in women .
Dragons are not real animals
Twins do not need to have the same interests because they are two differed individuals who think and act differently .
If a fire engine is painted red then it is red and no other colour .
A cup is not a writing instrument .
Human beings are animals that walk upright on two feet .
basket is too large for a mug
Amy s teeth cannot be shaken and nor the dog s
humans are banned from eating bears .
We would fall off the wings of the plane .
DRINK IS AN ALCOHOL AND ITS NOT GOOD FOR HEALTH
Cactus is plant which requires negligible amount of water to survive .
Quiet people do not affect others and there is no reason to eject them .
The wind isn t strong enough to blow his train off .
people cannot walk under the park .
Opponents are people that work against you .
Bob is revising his composition
Mummies that are bunnies only have babies that are bunnies .
Nothing likes to be eaten by bugs .
A pig is not made of letters .
Machine guns were not invented during the medieval period
A tiger is a wild and dangerous animal
It takes more gas to propel a larger car than it does a smaller car .
Subways are gross and shouldn t be used to eat on .
Hats do not go on feet .
boiled water cannot start a fire .
Watermelons are too big to fit on a plate of spaghetti .
This would incinerate the stew
People can t use smoke for trees .
A fridge does not lend books .
Motorbikes do not sail in water
Cola cannot overcome the people disasters .
people will burn if they live in a fireplace
Mars atmosphere doesn t allow for human life
Japan is a lot smaller than China in area .
Dogs can t talk back .
Trees can t walk .
People can t eat tractors .
Deleting items is not a holding bay function
A square is a very inefficient design for a television .
trees are not food
Snake can only crawl it is a invertebrate animal it cannot fly .
Cats can t fly without wings
Innocent people do not need to be fought against .
A shark cannot be kept in a fish tank it s too big and dangerous
you cant sell montains
Cameramen film real life situations people and things .
Boys do not typically have hair long enough to braid .
Normal people don t give gifts to their toys
bananas grow in trees
Models are usually tall .
Planets are not a measure of time .
A basket does not offer refrigeration .
the belly has no emotional feelings
"Goodbye " is a word for leaving not greeting .
The Indian Ocean accounts for a large area of the Earth
Meat cannot clean a scalp
Tiger s are wild and dangerous they feed on humans .
Water cannot boil in the oven .
He cannot wear the shoes in the hands for walking .
people do not have gasoline as food
Humans are born with one head .
You drive buses not do them .
there is no reason for a lion to be in a tub they are wild animals .
A bird is a creature on which nothing can be written .
Steel would break his teeth .
Bear is meant to live in forest not in cupboard
A monkey cannot live in a lake .
feeling left out would lead to a person unhappiness
The bear has no wings
A cat is a living thing and a chair is not .
Soap is not edible .
Cats do not care about sweeping
human can t live without lungs
A tree does not have legs to walk on .
Foolish advise is unlikely to come from wise old men .
No one eats balls because its used for playing purpose
Nails are not a food .
Cows do not bark they say moo .
television only shows program
Police officers do not clean houses .
Drinking cement would kill you .
Garages are stationary .
If you were injured you cannot run .
Crab grass is not food .
A dead phone cannot be turned on
Sugar is sweet not spicy
The glass would break .
There are not even 200 hours in a week .
It is impossible to take family trips to space .
No one wants to spend time with someone they hate .
Pet cannot be the days .
A garage is where cars are repaired .
My brother is a boy not a girl
Water is not stable enough to build a barn
Shoes are to be kept in shoe rack not on book shelf
People don t like movies with bad actors
A house is much too big to fit up a person s nose .
Making drugs is an official crime students will be punished if they do so .
Water can t be dusty .
Watermelon is not used with spaghetti .
Lunch boxes can t take pictures
People die first and are buried the cemetery s not the cause .
People enter rooms by doors .
A desk does not have lips that can be kissed .
fire isn t cold
Suffering is an unpleasant experience not enjoyable .
There isn t enough room in a bath to swim in it .
Squids live in the ocean .
Fire can harm someone who is too hot .
An oven is not a place he watches his shows .
Lying usually hurts people and it is not funny
You cannot wash a paper towel .
Sea does not become so hot .
Hens lay eggs .
Human beings cannot be gifted .
It gets colder in winter and the geese want to have the same temperature all year so when it gets cold they move to where it is warmer .
They probably do not sell knives at the clothing store .
Chefs do not deal with the healing of animals but they are in the business of feeding people .
Cold medicines are not strong enough to cause hallucinations .
cooking area no need found in dental office
Human body can not digest a car .
No one can live for 500 years .
Smart phones can t play any sports including basketball .
You always leave through the exit .
There is no stewardess on board .
Crops are subject to changes in weather not forecasts .
Bins are used for litter and it is not usually books
rainforests don t have enough sand to have a sandstorm
Grocery stores don t typically keep cars in stock .
Burning trash will produce a lot of harmful gases and can t purify the air .
factory has only macinaries
Hospitals has no tools for repairing cars .
cup has no life
Gloves do not fit feet .
Plants need to be watered but it will make a bed wet .
There is no honey on the stone
no one dies for a healthy body
If you don t eat at all then you are not eating fast .
Dancing is not taught in a calculus class .
Seconds are very very short periods of time .
If you re busy you wouldn t have time for questions .
Bicycles don t need food .
Monkeys are living on land
Ketchup is a condiment not a book .
Even an unlit fireplace would be too small and probably too dusty to live in .
You cannot grow a helicopter .
You cannot stir soup with a knife
If his computer is not working he can not use it to produce his homework .
A piano is to heavy to lift .
ANT IS AN INSECT NOT AN ANIMAL
clothes cant wear us only we wear clothes
Murder is quite rare .
BIKE IS NOT RIDE ON WATER
encouragement makes a person feel friendly instead of angry and hostile
Honey is too sticky to bathe in and too scarce to realistically fill a bathtub .
Chocolate is just something you can eat .
Eating raw pork carries a very high risk of contracting food borne illness .
Billy goats cannot speak or understand English .
Ropes are inanimate objects .
Cars do not fly .
Animals do not have leaves
If you jumped from a plane to get groceries you would have no way to get them home .
If you buy something you must have been doing shopping .
wood is lighter than water
A house is too large and heavy to go on a head
he could smell good when non organic litter is near also
sugar is very popular among consumers
You cannot change air itself only add things to it .
Lemon juice is sour not sweet
no one can taller than others by a train .
The movie theater does not give haircuts .
A mouse is a mouse with Mickey Mouse ears .or without .
In order to swim you need a body of water
5 year olds don t work
he city wall has a defensive function not just for beauty
Dolphins live in the ocean .
Butcher is not a person to prescribe a medicine to worm my puppy .
Food is not alive and therefore cannot sleep .
People sleep with their eyes closed .
Awards are given out for pumpkins that are far from ordinary .
Shoes and blankets aren t consumable objects .
Planet is not a place where man can t walk .
one cannot eat tiger every day because it s dangerous and scarce
A million is thousand times a thousand .
Whales do not walk .
A bike cannot be ridden across bodies of water .
money is printed
Glasses cannot be worn on finger
Netherlands is not a real language
delivery and music stream are not related
advertising boards are too large to cut pizza with
Reading helps to increase our knowledge and information and thus broaden our horizon .
A fish cannot walk .
There is no train rail that goes to the moon .
He cannot go to sleep on his roof .
Tables area made of wood metal and are not eatible but the food placed on the table is so the table cannot taste good .
human cannot eat a volcano
rainbow has nothing to do with sand storm
Too much exposure is bad
Lava would melt the car
green light is the signal to move .
DOG IS POWERFUL THAN BIRDS
Doing sports will decrease the partition of water in our body
Dogs don t play golf .
Cats are smaller than humans .
mp3 is not a conversation thing to call
Flooring does not have an absorption function .
Pen is an object used to write and cannot store water
Mary could not survive in water for 10 days .
Roger cannot throw a couch because it is too big .
A teacher is not happy when a student misses class
I cannot hide an elephant under a couch
The length of the hands on time pieces follows the convention of larger units of time being marked with shorter hands than smaller units of times .
Shirts don t help you see .
Bees don t make butter
smashed papers are difficult to read and notes cannot be taken .
Boys generally like Transformers .
the bank does not sell groceries
you cant make a fire on the water
Horses are animals that do not have gills .
table is not place for soap
Televisions are used for watching video and audio .
When we are anger mood sensitive subjects are very hard to read .
Sweat does not make the body clean .
A sports car is not an efficient way to leave a mountain .
if you lived on an island you would more than likely know how to swim
Stars are millions of miles away and too large to be chopped .
Ink is inside of a pen .
The sky color can only be blue or black .
You cannot park a cat it is an animal .
you would burn your eyes if you look at the sun falling stars are rare
cows do not have hands .
Drugs should not try by the teenagers .
THE WATER CAME FROM GLACIERS
a dog is clearly different than a human
People don t wear tables they usually sit in front of them .
rockets are not designed for roads they have no wheels
Shoes and blankets are not food .
Drinks will not keep us healthy .
tsunami is a diaster that causes people lose their homes
People always long for themselves to live longer
The car won t start until the seat belt is fastened
A plumber works on pipes and does not have the ability to direct a film .
he has five fingers on one hand
Many students don t have computers .
New knowledge cannot be gained by the pants .
You cannot make a sun .
Bread is for eating not wearing .
pumpkin is not a place to live
Usually at saloon food is not served
Lions are not used to make sandwiches or eaten by humans
There is no police on Mars
penguins live in the southern hemisphere such as in Antarctica .
cows are not birds
Boats sre not designed to float in air .
Sunscreen is for the sun not the rain .
taking the shower is not responsible for satiate the hunger .
desert is a place not a food to eat
Losing weight is a process and losing 20 pounds overnight is impossible
jumping out of a plane on the ground would kill you
There are not golf courses inside of internet cafes .
Toothpaste is not used for painting .
Rocks are not edible .
wifi has only internet connection
Oil would make a fire worse .
The tap won t run milk in most cases
greasy food is not good for patients health
locks need the key to open
The woman cannot pregnant with a cow .
Bicycles are human powered and cannot be faster than cars .
Hats do not protect the head
no one can be burped by not having dinner .
Medical supplies are disposable
eyes cannot hear music
The tree would be too large and too hard for a boy to eat .
Toilets don t give out money .
cats do not melt
CATS IS NOT A SHOE
ELEPHANT DOESN T WEAR DRESS
Kids do not have any special iterest in tables .
BOATS CAN T FLOAT IN THE SKY
swords are sharp and hurt
People do not normally carry large heavy homeware in the club .
pizza is food
Foam cannot be shaped into a table as the tiny bubbles will continue popping .
Ice cream melts in the stove
Banks employ bankers not teachers .
We have to adhere to strict rules in traditional classrooms .
Church is a place of worship and cannot play
Washing machines don t have spezi in them
Wind is invisible and untouchable .
Gasoline is flammable so it will feed the fire not put it out .
Germans and Italians both have creativity
Eye prescription can be gotten from an eye hospital .
Cars are not essential for our existence and we can live without them
A plane does not park in a backyard .
Crocodile in water
You need money to purchase a house .
PEOPLE WATCH TELEVISION FOR ENTERTAINMENT .
tigers are plant eating animal
vase cannot broke into dollars
computer cannot make teeth clean
There are three members of the family .
Fire heats up food .
Pearls come from oysters not mountains .
One goes to a cinema to watch movies ane goes to an arean to watch a basketball game .
When a body sweats it becomes dirty not clean .
Cars are too big to park in a bathroom
Hotels are made for rest .
Fish don t go in the sky .
Crystals do not grow on flowers or plants .
Square dance is a place not to brought a zebra .
Milkshake is not an appropriate liquid to swim in
the Statue of Liberty stands on an island in New York Harbor USA
Cold medicine is used for recovering from a cold not oral hygiene .
Raw meat can make humans sick .
Swimming is not bad for one s health .
a law should be made via many people s deep consideration and debate
A goldfish are not a mammal but a fish .
dogs do not fly
Heads stay the same .
You can t eat in a coconut
People do not drink sulfuric acid because it would kill them .
a credit card can not be used for fishing
you sing with your mouth not your eyes you use them to see
To extract oil water cannot be used .
Unicorns don t exist
no one wants to dream up a storage .
Cars don t belong in kitchens .
There will be more woman finance ministers .
No egg eat kids .
Cats do not understand the value of gold .
If it s closed no one is allowed in .
Concrete is made of sand and water that hardens when it dries .
It s not possible for fruits to grow in the sky .
The sun s light is brighter than anything else in the world
A clown is too heavy to put on a head .
Bones do not sprout .
bowl cannot be used to make a phone call
The bathroom is for taking showers brushing teeth and taking care of toiletries .
People cannot digest wood
The security check makes sure people will not carry dangerous goods when boarding
grocery stores do not sell cars
Stars in the sky can t be sold or bought .
You can not use a phone to help you swim
Harry Potter was never made into a cartoon
Hat is not used to put the rug on it .
Steamship is only suitable driven on the sea .
Disease is an illness that is not offered with wine .
It is not enjoyable to seek out bad acting in films .
A donkey would not fit in my lunch .
A person does not shave their teeth .
A plumber does not have the technical knowledge to fix a computer .
Buildings do not commonly appear in a forest .
rock is not a game to play
A tanker carries only liquids
Teeth cannot clean by the computer .
nicotine in cigarettes is bad for your health
Shirts are worn on the torso not on feet
no one can ride lions to work
Durian has a soiky outershell
Basketball can t heat other items
Books are not used to store towels .
LAWN MOWER IS NOT TO WORE
Moving is difficult while sitting .
People feel pain when they wash their face with a plastic bag .
Putting feet on the table is a sign of bad manners
An airplane can be flown and a car can be driven .
stealing cannot ease the harm effect
there is only one sun in our solar system
The stick is not sharp enough to cut things
You do not drink a lot of things that are bad .
You can t fly on a horse .
Tiger is a dangerous animal that cannot appear on board
There is no water in the desert to surf .
When the leg hurts it is not possible to play .
Children need chaperones so they stay safe .
Rhinosaurus are not legal to buy and sell .
The powder box is smaller than the glasses .
It would defy gravity for a river to flow into the sky .
Too much drinking actually damages your liver sometimes permanently .
Whales have lungs but no gills
a lion can t be bought
An apple tree is much bigger than him .
A elephant cannot fit inside a pocket .
kitchens are not used for cleaning your body
Cats and dogs have never fallen from a cloud so something already impossible is only less likely to occur within a classroom .
Sand will be dissolved
You cannot watch movies on a dishwasher .
Cats do not like baths .
Juice comes from an apple .
Tigers have stripes .
Girls can come first as well .
Chickens do not have buttons
There is no moon in the sun
A scissor is a cutting instrument .
You do not land into a meeting .
You need light to read .
Too many cakes means too much sugar which cannot make people slim
Monkeys cannot held people on them .
Dogs can t use phones
Paris and Rome are cities in Europe .
drunk driving is not legal
Magma will burn crocodiles to death
adding more mess to clean up if you cry over it
A dog is not capable of writing .
Not all philosophers are men !
You can t use a baseball cap to go fishing .
Bed sheets do not output heat .
A remote is used to change the channel an apple is used to eat .
Opiates are very efficient pain relievers and do not incite more pain physiologically than before .
Sitting down does not burn calories .
My dog would get sick if he ate wood .
dice not necessarily round can be found in other shapes
Clothes should go into washing machine not plates .
A human does not eat paper .
Tofu is a type of food people eat and do not have the sharpness required to cut a tree .
Singers perform for a living and would not be called to repair a fence .
Humans are unable to sleep with our eyes open .
a plant cannot grow inside of a body
wardrobes are too big to be put on a table
A watch does not play music .
Ship is a huge vessel for travelling over sea
You can not put anything on black pepper .
A dishwasher can t be driven
human cannot stay in sky now .
Whales cannot fly .
Dogs do not have hands to play piano .
Hot air balloon is a toy object which can not take to work .
Cups are for drinking
NO ONE COOKING ON THE COMPUTER
Humans can t fly
Sweat makes a body feel sticky and clammy so the body is not fresh and clean after sweating .
Summer is a hot season so the water can t be cold
no one makes wishes when seeing the sun
fridge is small size compare to house
A electric fan is put on a plain surface and is likely to ruin a painting .
A house is not an automobile and cannot be driven .
The sun is up during the day and down at night .
It is physically impossible to eat the sun
A cat is unable to read a newspaper .
trees grow in the ground
Luggage does not have to go back if someone forgets it .
Allies are friends you do not declare war on friends .
Underwear is not used to keep the people safe .
if I don t wear glasses I can t see the blackboard clearly
There is not so much water on the basketball court .
no one can plays fifa on clothes
People wash face with towel not toothbrush .
Fish do not have feet
A ruler only has straight edges .
The ball is a toy while the dog is an animal .
Boats don t have wheels to be driven on the road .
A cat is a feline .
an island is surrounded by water
It is not possible to break a basketball .
Cats are born fully formed to mother cats .
no one have five hands
An ocean is made of water .
Working overtime will burn you out .
classroom is too small for a sun
Pigs have no ability to climb trees .
Sushi is Japanese food but not Italian food
Hacking is a cybercrime activity
Water is made from hydrogen and oxygen .
Just because it is cold in one location does not mean it is cold everywhere
no one can listen music from microphone
The uncle is a male
Microscopes are in laboratories .
Summer is hot because the sun is closer to the earth .
Ants are too small to wrap all the way around a tree .
A knife is used to cut bread
People are not food .
then you ll be dehydrated you need to drink water in the summer
putting dirt on yourself would make your more dirty the opposite of being clean .
no one wants their clothes to get cold and wet
A gym doesn t sell groceries
People commonly wear clothes but clothes do not typically wear people .
A head is not large enough to hold a shed .
IRON IS TOO HOT
Ice creams are for taking not for cooking
Robbers run away from policemen and do not catch them .
A haircut is not related to the act of eating .
Winter does not follow directly after summer .
Tattoos can not be put on the hair .
A piano is a non living thing and cannot become sick
Moon can be seen clearly at night
A cup is used to drink from a sock is worn on feet .
horse is not a rabbit to ate
The young boy cannot put a watermelon in his nose .
Lions live on the land .
Alcohol cannot be drunk while exercise .
you run on treadmills
Roosters are male and do not lay eggs .
there is no museums in hotel
There is usually no water in the desert .
Crocodiles are reptiles .
Fighter planes usually appear on the battlefield .
the television has no eyes and cannot watch
Hamsters don t have zippers .
football shoes are not suitable to play basketball game
House cannot be built with the help of water
Police don t treat illness
Father is a relationship . We can ordered from any online shop
CAT IS A LIVING THING
Microwaves are inedible
A person cannot see odors they can only smell .
A bagel is to small to drive and has no wheels or motor .
The distance from the Antarctic to the Arctic is too far for any creature to swim from one to another
Most people have 2 eyes
Do not take the test at the meeting
Cats are incapable of flying .
The sun is far too hot to get close enough to land on .
Hair oil cannot be used to wash hair but to moisturize it
Beach sand cannot support food .
Trucks don t bark .
One goes to the theater to see a play but one does not go to the theater to buy a car .
The sun always rises in the East
Books are not food .
airplanes are in the sky and fish live under the water
Dogs are animals and you can t put them on
The ammunition used in a gun will only sting a mammoth .
Kites are inanimate objects incapable of crying .
A green light means you can go .
the black color means the banana is broken and we could have diarrhea when we eat it
people use cattle to make steak but not pig .
Plane cannot be parked in the backyard .
Sun is not visible during night even with electric lights .
A tiger is a land animal and does not live in a river .
clapping need to be done during appreciation some person
A birthday card would be inappropriate to celebrate a divorce
Criticism is usually a negative thing .
A letter cannot be laughed into existence
Snakes are not smart enough to do homework .
A library is not food and is too big to be grilled
Without pen we cannot write .
You cannot blow your nose with a living animal .
A hotel manager does not manage ships .
Magma is very hot which will melt the airplane also airplane fly in the sky .
Vegetables are food and therefore do not make up bricks that are made of clay .
No oven cooks at that temperature .
A salesman does not have any work in a class .
Lower taxes would make the cars more affordable so that would not be an adequate reason .
Hugging someone provides comfort while slapping them brings pain .
Teacher teaches at school
Tigers eat meat only . It is a sensical statement .
A lion is too large to be carried in a basket .
Game handles don t play music .
Ham can not be stuffed in my nose .
Socks aren t worn on our necks .
Aeroplanes are found at airports .
Fish are not air breathers
A chef means to cook .
Lions don t wear clothes .
Dogs have a better sense of hearing than human .
You cannot carry a bookcase on your back .
spoon is an utensil to eat food
ships can not run on road
Fridge is for freezing food the microwave oven is not food .
A viola is made of wood and wood is not edible .
Mountains are too big to be around a table
A circus tent is not a place to sleep
Everyone does not hates sugar .
Disneyland doesn t have transformers but Universal studios do
TV is not a tool to chat with friends
A wall is stationary and cannot bounce off of a ball .
Poison is not intentionally consumed by people for the purpose of quenching thirst .
Forests are defined by and made up of trees and not weeds .
Waterdrops fall to the earth and then soak into the ground .
vegetables do not have a lot of fat
Minecraft is a computer game not a toy .
Drinking bleach will actually kill you .
Islands are too expensive for a single person to own
Home is not a place to but groceries .
You should recycle paper .
You don t wear houses
Plastic does not provide energy for humans .
Bacteria cannot form society
Sunglasses are not prescription .
There are no tear ducts in ears
A computer would likely not be able to fit into a washing machine and it would get ruined .
Bleach takes the color out of pigment .
Apple sauce cannot be used as a chair .
Humans cannot breathe inside water like fishes .
A dog cannot be used to driven
People want to live in the place they love
Birds cannot talk .
A game machine cannot be used to communicate .
People don t eat food in the bathroom .
husband is a man that a woman is married .
Animals do not drink tea .
Computers have finite storage
Because Hybrid cars emit less Co2
shoe is not a food to eat
A door would be easier to get through .
sheep are not floatation devices .
sea water is salty not sweet .
Toothbrushes don t open doors .
Recite words does not done by the bears .
Trees are not liquid or are small enough for cups .
A shower sponge cannot used to brush his teeth .
You wouldn t be able to see a picture through a concrete block .
Floors are not sentient beings . They are inanimate
Car is used for travelling
The mechanic does not sink cars .
A computer cannot complete work on its own
Listening to music without headphones will disturb others
Soldiers obey their commanders not the enemy .
Only food can be eaten .
meeting with kind mother usually makes a person happy
Airplane cannot drove on the highway .
A star is too far away for someone to but a condiment on .
Sheep do not live in the sea
oil is not necessary for plants to grow
You can t go to the sun
Clothes have no respiratory system
Pillows are not turned on .
The programmers job is to program by computer .
A road is not a human to wash clothes .
Nose can t be used to write .
Spoon is not a dress
Forest fires generally do not result in profits .
Babies generally cry if you shout at them .
The shape of the earth resembles an egg that is round
There is no president in the chess game
cement is for buildings not paper
People drink out of cups .
You cannot walk to Paris from China .
Being in public does not cause blue skin
hairpins are use for hairs
A dog cannot sing .
swimming is an sport and keeps people healthy .
MOVIES HAVE BETTER RATINGS NOT SUBTITLES
there s no plant eating human in the world
A bowl can not be made of water .
The bookstore doesn t sell shoes
Horses do not make a barking sound
An umbrella can t be composed
Teeth do not grow appendages .
You can t grow plants on Mars
A bird s mouth can t bite bones .
Vomiting is not caused by getting a job .
A computer mouse is not a tool for digital recording .
Internet cafes don t sell food because people would get it all over the computers
People who wage war are more ruthless and don t want to kiss people
A donkey can not be packed for lunch .
Objective paintings are about specific things
Trees only have trunks .
hills cannot be taken
One person just can t pull a ten ton block .
speakers put sound out for everyone
EINSTEIN WAS IN FACT A GENIUS !
Thunder and lighting does not appear in the nights .
Drawer is not a place to store the dog .
pans are used only for cooking
puppy is a dog
Chilly powder is spicy .
Spoon is an utensil
the earth is many times smaller than the sun
orange tree is too big to grow in a book
a cooker doesn t have a screen to play anything
You can not use your head to move your body so your head is not the source of your movement .
Sea water is salty and cannot be used for cooking .
If the red meat is eaten too much it will cause harm to the body
Praise is given for good deeds .
Permanent market cannot be erased .
Questions do not need working out . They are already set
Foam is too soft
an apple cannot be drunk
A teacher teaches the people who study .
Boys typically do not wear high heeled shoes .
Books cannot be eaten because they are not edible
A brush is used to brush clothes but not hair
pet is not virtual entity its real
wood can stimulate the fire
Wire is a place where mother cannot hung her clothes .
A cow is much too large to fit in an aquarium .
Sand cannot be eaten .
Umbrella s aren t useful in earthquakes .
Air will not hold paint .
Plastic is inedible
Gun target cannot done with a tank .
trash can contains rubbish not rain
The earthworm is an arthropod .
Backpack don t have a camera thus it s not suitable for taking selfie
Lemonade is made using lemons not coffee beans .
A classroom is a physical area .
There are no living creatures on the sun because it is far too hot to sustain life .
Internet can not be used on a radio
toothpaste damages the eye
NAPKIN NEVER PUT THE FOOD
circles and squares are completely different shapes
Watches are accessories not furniture
Doctor is a person who don t file a legal case .
Ducks can only fly for a few seconds .
no snake has any legs
You can t cook a blender because it s a machine and it would be dangerous .
Sharks can t drive cars no matter where .
Dvd will not work if we put water in it
Cucumbers are not the raw material for potato chips .
People who are mean to others won t be liked
Fish go in water
An exit is for exit a place .
Tigers belong in zoos .
Rocks cannot be lit easily
The ground is solid
Tigers can be dangerous to humans .
Fish live in water tanks not out in the living room .
You can t shout and be quiet at the same time .
Phones are not fruit .
Young teachers tend to be more energetic than older teachers
A person who buy lot of merchandise cannot land in a jail .
A toothbrush can hurt your eyes
monkey is not have a knowledge in math
No one can put a real house in his pocket .
usually bonfire is useful only at winter
We need firefighters because fire is harmful .
a bowl cannot hold a travelers clothes
You cant drive with your feet because you don t have control and its illegal
News is good reading material to find out about current affairs .
Polar bears are large independent animals .
Shoes are too big to go into bottles .
HAMBURGERS IS NOT A PIZZA
Accomodation is not the point of a school .
cigarette can t be used to draw pictures
Trampolines are still objects that do not perform actions .
Lotion cannot protect one from rain
The higher you stand the farther you can see
Phones are an artificial material that nature does not produce
sampling surveys can save time
Homeless shelters are for people .
The mirror can only refract itself
fire emits heat
humans not yet able to reach mars
Were is past tense now is present tense .
A little baby is not an adult
Horror movies can be very scary .
The water in the sea is either temperate or cold .
Doctors are people and cannot be ordered .
Husband will not become pregnant .
Cats are smaller than elephants .
Strawberries don t grow on trees .
Tables are elevated objects with flat surfaces used to place items and are not known to measure time .
Being a programmer involves creating digital code .
To date no book on earth has been published with an alien author as far as we know .
Cinemas have a huge screen to watch movies .
Piano is not a device to play video games .
Teachers do not need teaching
Rain is made from water and water is wet .
A person would not put bees on a pancake .
Romance movies are romantic .
Toilets are not clean or large enough to take a bath in .
leaves cannot kill snake
Nothing can be washed with scissors as it cannot clean anything .
Pork is a meat from a farm animal .
china has been around for awhile
WHO EAT VEGETABLE THEY ONLY LIVE HEALTHY
A horse is not capable of spinning a web .
Washing machine is a machine which we use for washing clothes .
The gym does not sell clothes .
A dog can t survive in a freezer .
hard rock is not necessarily help people to get success
A kangaroo meet is not something that would be edible .
a bed could not stand the weight of a truck
A stone is not healthy to eat
Space is not suitable for human existence
adults can also enjoy a theme park
Leaves are not a material used for blankets .
Strong winds are very common and if they were deadly many people would die daily
Sweaters don t fit in cans .
Glasses correct vision and fingers do not see .
Journalists job is not writing codes
Pen is an object to write
A comb is used for combing hair not for brushing teeth .
Writing with a stone will destroy the blackboard .
Aircraft uses fuel to fly not electricity or batteries so aircraft cannot be charged .
police office do not sell stamps
You can t loose your shoes while you re wearing them
Diplodocus is much too complicated of a word to be a baby s first word .
Matter is not a material that can have thoughts to name a child .
a person does not need popcorn at all to watch a movie
A monster is an imaginary scary figure often used to spook children .
giraffe is a wild animal which cannot fir in the house
there are no mice in the sea
People can not make a cat
Weapons have no use in marriage its not a threat
A lion does not cook .
it is not allowed to tell jokes to the judge .
Food is served in restaurants .
Snowborarding is a sport done in the mountains with snow not in the ocean .
Paper is not used to brush teeth it doesn t have the structural integrity .
Shoes don t shine
The pond does not flow to the sea
Stone can t act on its own .
Jails are not part of the education system
People do not typically eat raw garlic
The poor cannot earn as much money as the wealthy so they are not required to pay that much taxes .
MACARONI IS FOOD NOT HUMAN
The moon is cold
soap can t be put in the bowl .
Water is known for keeping people fit and healthy due to it s properties for hydrating and healing the body .
Restaurant is not finance institution
The keyboard is too small to lie down
People very rarely bring food to the toilet .
Attending school is not often motivated solely by a desire to make money .
A cabinet in one s office is not for personal stuff
A house isn t a living thing .
Dogs are mammals .
Oil in water floats it never flies
CIGARETTES ARE NOT GOOD FOR HEALTH
The audience are passive watchers .
box never made of eyes .
No pears grow on apple trees .
Honesty is non available in shops
You don t store soup in bathroom cuppards
Coffee has caffeine in it
paint thinner is deadly and would lead to poisoning .
Axe has no playback module
Pillows are light and soft and cannot cause pain .
Planes are made for air travel not sea travel
We can t eat a bike because it is a object not eatable items .
Assignments are usually about work and not play .
Bears aren t ridden
Sweaters should be worn on the upper body not on the legs .
Apples don t provide milk
Cats are mammals and mammals do not lay eggs
A brick is not a unit of distance
Orange juice is a manufactured drink .
Bread is an inanimate object .
Spacesuits allow men to breathe in space
Tigers are not domesticated .
A mummy is not a baby zebra
Dancing can t eliminate tiredness on the contrary it will consume more physical strength .
A shoe can not unlock anything
The President does not make jokes for a living .
Soccer is played on a field .
paper clips are not usually kept in a water bottle
building cannot be eaten for lunch
None can play tennis with a football .
Fire would burn a fish .
You can t use a quilt to wash yourself .
a stone can t run computer applications
The tail does not used to turn on the TV .
Car cannot to driven to space .
Snow is frozen water and cannot become stone .
People do not enjoy receiving dead fish .
It would probably not be possible to open the windows of a spaceship .
CAR IS NOT A BOOKS TO CARRY
An oasis is a region in the desert and not a religious ritual .
Ships are in the water
The office is a building
Chef s do not teacher classes .
People do not like to be out in the rain .
Bathtubs aren t for sleeping
people breathe air
if you do that you pretend to be dead or sleeping
A bike is not food and cannot be eaten .
Dirt on the floor would put customers off
You need to attend school to succeed
Dogs are too big to go inside a can
Wheels are not used to run .
an elephant is much bigger than a car
fish live in water
Fire burns trees .
Food doesn t affect gender .
Roofs are found on top of houses .
Biologists do not have any idea about sending rockets to the moon
it does not make sense
A big tree would block the rain before it reaches the grass
Does not make sense because stars are in the sky not in the ground
Houses can t be built in paper
Mars is another planet
There is no evidence behind most medical superstitions only theory s .
it s obvious that men have hair
The fruit store sells fruit and cannot withdraw money
Apples have no shells
Square bicycle wheels will not turn .
Ovens are for cooking food .
Food goes in the fridge and a fly is not food .
The earth actually revolves around the sun .
Pigs give birth to piglets .
People there families because the want them happy
You touch with your hands .
A pair of pants is not valuable enough to be kept in a strong box .
Penguins cannot tolerate warm climates .
Spending money is for buying things
You cant write on water
dogs are animals
A school is a place to learn so it has no need to build a supermarket .
Iron can not be eaten directly
If a computer gets wet it will be ruined .
Soup is a liquid .
The monkeys having no wings to fly
Schools are closed in the summer for break .
the school isn t far enough to go by rocket
Hangers are for clothes and cannot print
Drinking alcohol before driving is forbidden and dangerous
Hats are not worn on noses
Cheetahs are found in the wild and in zoos and it is forbidden to raise one at home .
Hamburgers do not represent the human race .
Planes do not have bars .
The sun shines all over the earth in summer
the dog s tail can t be divided into parts
Picnic is not a game .
Cars cannot fly .
a dog cannot be used as a search engine
A moon s light is too mild to cause sun burns .
Restaurants don t help the injured .
Cinemas will never ask you to show your passport
Cars do not dance
A pocket knife can do a lot of things .
You can only make a touch down in football
stick is not sharp enough .
Trains cannot cross the ocean between China and Australia
people do not get shorter as they grow
Breasts are not a valid form of identification .
Rockets are not a normal form of transportation .
Halloween is a holiday that takes place every year on October 31st
people put gloves in the oven .
Chairs go in rooms not on them .
A T .V is not a means of transport .
crocodiles do not have wings
ELEPHANTS NECKS IS SMALL
The cat would be died in the freezer .
a nap can t make you full
Her elbow should hurt because that s what she cut
Exercise will not make us fat .
no one eat lunch from a dustbin
A person does not drink gas from a cup or anything else .
couples don t hate getting together
Tables are usually placed in rooms and there can t be mountains in rooms
fire can sent out heat
A hippo is too large to fit in a space shuttle
She cannot run through the solar system .
A flower doesn t grow in space .
A library typically doesn t have the necessary equipment to prepare and eat food .
when the sun falls down people usually go to bed
human cannot stay near the sun now
computers are made of metal not of trees
A human is too weak to cross the ocean
Rabbits live outside or in a hutch .
people are alive
Mozart has created many excellent music works
Monet is a painter .
Lawyers are abide by court and court follows law to sue .
There is no ice cream in the desert .
Clothes would get wet in a bath .
Leaves fall of the trees in the autumn not the spring time therefore he could not rake leaves in the spring .
Tropical climates are warm generally animals that live their do not need fur .
One can only use a mango make a mango shake .
Not everyone sleepwalks after falling asleep .
A person cannot pick up a nuclear reactor .
A gas would not stay in a cup .
"Took fire " does not exist
HAIR IS NOT GOOD FOR JEWELRY OR TATTOOS
socks cannot cut the toes .
buying honesty would not guarantee it
A desert would be too hot for ice cream .
The eyes are used to see not to eat .
Interpretive dance is not performed during operas
Crab is a sea species it can not be served by chocolate sauce .
cant ride chocolate
A cellphone cant be a pet .
Your feet do no influence you when you kiss
People do not eat insects
A toaster cannot walk but a pet specifically a dog can .
A house is a non living thing which cannot accept cards .
An actor is not allowed to play games in a serious play .
Lipstick doesn t go on the eyebrows only the lips .
Everyone knows when they are born since it is on all their documentation .
light cannot penetrate the mirrors
Laptops are generally not placed on an oven .
The sentence "All philosophers are men " does not imply that "All men are philosophers "
Students aren t qualified to teach the teacher .
Animals can not travel in suitcases .
Motor oil is inedible .
Yo yo is a toy for only one person .
after scoring no one can be loser
Cars go at a green traffic light .
if she were overfed she would be uncomfortable
An eraser is used to erase something written in a paper
A cobra is to dangerous to keep in a handbag .
Driving is done on land .
If you take a dump in the park you might get beaten up by cops and get injured and being injured is not healthy .
Fish tank is not a larger water body
y people cannot walk into the air
You don t burp when you are not full
You can t do anything on the ceiling it defies gravity .
A doctor studies the human illnesses
turkey never flew in the sky
A green traffic light means cars go
People use their eyes to see the display
Cattle are mammals so they give birth not lay eggs
Squirrels don t eat honey .
sewage is too dirty for people to drink
Caffeine present in coffee refreshes people .
Lights cannot be blew out
Spoon cannot be used to take notes in his notebook .
Eight year olds are not allowed to buy cigarettes .
A freezer causes things to become cold and freeze .
Pork is forbidden food at a halal store .
Pepper spray is not a kind of body fragrance
TRUMPET IS A INSTRUMENT
screening calls is a secretary s duty not cleaner s
Helmets are very uncomfortable to sleep with .
A person with allergic to nuts can eat meat .
Dolphins do not have hands or feet or any nails to cut .
Sand is not edible .
Tiny spores that land in a sport would not grow .
Human beings will die if they don t eat but can still live without sports
lemonade itself tastes sour because of citric acid .
The barn is not the normal Ingredients
A elephant is too heavy to be carried and dropped .
A rotten potato is bad for you .
Alcohol doesn t improve memory .
Bathtubs are much smaller than cars .
Dogs do not have wings
Keys are not big enough to have pockets
You fly an airplane not a car
Entering a country illegally does not confer citizenship .
A DVD cannot store water .
5 year old children are not allowed to get in a bar .
The boiling point for water is empirically hot
No one jumps after a performance .
Typically one puts things in a box .
tanker cannot be stuck in the sea
An elephant is to big to pick up
A guitar cannot be used to cook in a kitchen .
If the speed is slow the car will take longer time to vanish from sight .
It makes people unhappy when important things are lost .
An elephant wouldn t fit into a car .
Underwear is not food
The ocean is made up of water
Vending machines will not clean clothes .
horses cannot be built .
A suitcase stores clothes whereas a chicken does not .
Horses are not food and do not fit in refrigerators .
Broken lights would lead to darkness .
lions cant drive
Drought and war would make an empire weak .
bowling ball doesn t fit in a butt
Oil does not clean hair
The process of Photosynthesis is used by plants not animals .
Bikes cannot wave back .
Dancing is not necessary for programming .
Online games are not played on a desk as they need to be played online .
The cancer cannot be cured with lemon juice
Saturn is not a place to go for a trip .
Junk food is not healthy less is more
One would not use new clothes to clean dirty floors .
The dinosaurs were extinct long ago .
Young adults have a strong immune system and therefore are not susceptible to the flu
Died would mean that someone passed away .
A grandfather is much older to become a grandson of the same person
Tires need air to inflate them .
A book is not alive .
Shame is associated with a negative feeling for behaving inappropriately .
Kids eat eggs on Easter .
You need to be social to make friends and would need to be around other people .
No lips found in my desk
A phone can make calls while a banana cannot
Monkeys do not play actual games .
Only females menstuate .
Fathers get upset when somone breaks something
Car in not something that gets upset in Jeanine body .
The spatula is used for cooking but not eating
light cannot cool down a place
The vitamins in fruit are good for the body
Rivers are moving water you can t sleep in them .
Dogs do not go in microwaves
A snow globe is too small for a person to live in
Police do not pay for damages .
Pen cannot be bit .
Dogs can t survive on the moon
Cotton candy is very soft so wouldn t be able to harm a person .
simple arithmetic states that the combination of two numbers equals its sum
The stomach contains acids and alkali is not an acid .
For dry cleaning one goes to a dry cleaner shop .
a museum is not typically a place family congregates
Penalty is paid when people did something they are not supposed to do
Freezing of ice will not lead to the ocean to rise .
Mirrors relect the images only .
Bicycles don t need to eat
A skateboard does not have a fuel tank .
Stones can not be eaten .
If the wizard is in the book then it is imaginary and cannot be eaten
Tears are secreted from the eyes .
Pizza has a lot of calories fat and other ingredients that are bad for your health .
You cannot go on vacation on the Sun
Lions are cats .
A toaster is an appliance that doesn t eat .
A steam train is not an item of food
People do not need to play .
It is too hot at the equator for glaciers
Books are kept in libraries .
there s no tree on an ice mountain
Officers are supposed to prevent crime and robbing a bank is a crime .
LAPTOPS ARE NOT A DRINK
A living room doesn t have the height clearance for a giraffe and they aren t found near houses .
The trash can is dirty and Daisy can t sleep with it .
elephants always can t fly
Books do not have feelings .
A tennis racket is not a musical instrument
any meeting doesn t need a safe landing with the aid of lights
bed sheets are to big to mop a floor
Sally cannot land an airplane at the mall
Programming is working with numbers not dancing .
Buses sink in water .
Heroin is not beneficial for humans .
Senators do not have customers .
People in China speak Chinese and not French .
too little rice will definitely get completed
A hardware store cannot be swallowed
Over sleeping does not cause one to lose their voice .
people do not keep oranges in the toilet .
Bathing suits are the correct clothes to wear in the water
Humans cannot run in the vacuum of space and the sun is very far away
A giraffe is a wild animal not owned by people .
structure of the bottle is not suitable for stir frying .
Alcohol impairs brain functioning .
failing is not good
A meeting cannot have a safe landing because they do not move .
A volcano is not filled with blood but lava .
She cannot sit while walking .
Milk does not contain any gases .
A chicken is an animal and cannot be driven .
Fruit doesn t have tentacles .
Plane is not a good vihicle to the Mars
exercise will drain physical strength rather than restore it
A student does not teach .
Salad is made of vegetables which are good for you .
Eggshells are not a part of the egg that people eat .
Turtles don t have horns .
Lamps are not vehicles of transport .
Poison kills and cannot save any life .
Sky cannot be bought
Underwear won t protect people from accidents
mosquitoes eat people
REFRIGERATOR USED FOR COOLING PROCESS
Laughing loudly will bother other people .
Freshwater has no taste and thus isn t salty at all .
people do not barbecue in toilets
Mars is a planet .
If the computer broke down then he would be late handing it in because he would not have access to the computer .
Mars is not easy to access .
The reef is already in the ocean .
Liquids are best carried in containers that do not have holes weaved in them .
a house is much bigger than a pan
stones can t be food for people .
families can t be bought
You don t have to study to go home .
We eat apple .
I will get dirty mowing the yard then I will need a shower .
Water does not hold people up .
Iron is very hard
Do the laundry and don t study and you most certainly won t get good grades .
Bus do not have wings and cannot fly in the air .
You cannot eat while you are sleeping .
Colds make us tired .
hungry is when you don t eat food
Helen committed a crime and went to prison
Houses are much bigger than humans and can t be drunk .
Fish only live under water .
The major atmospheric constituents nitrogen N 2 oxygen O 2 and argon Ar are not greenhouse gases because molecules containing two atoms of the same element such as N 2 and O 2 have no net change in the distribution of their electrical charges when they vibrate and monatomic gases such as Ar do not have vibrational modes hence they are almost totally unaffected by infrared radiation .
Flowers need water to maintain their lives
football does not involve jumping or parashoots
When we see a tragedy we will cry .
Eating too much food causes people to gain weight .
stars are very hot
A cat is not able to steer a ship .
staying up means not going to sleep at night
zoo is not a place of seeing boat
The sun is too big to be thrown
Brushes are made out of synthetic bristles .
Thieves are viewed as despicable not honorable .
inn is a place to live .
Dinner does not contain episodes .
If Dad is home you shouldn t miss him .
A chicken can not be driven .
Promise breakers are untrustworthy .
Icecream is frozen not baked .
Fire can not survive in the water so we can not use water to produce fire
Teeth only grow an inch or two in their lifetime .
A giraffe is too large to fit in a fridge
it s immoral to declare war when there is a truce between them
Trains cannot go to space
Lions can t survive in the Arctic
No one wants a surgery because it s fun
Clocks can t run on dirt .
Flowers in the garden are not to be eaten
mirrors reflects lights
Church is not alive thus it could not surrender
Tornadoes can cause damage and chaos for humans .
Software engineers have no knowledge of architecture
The wind does not have form therefore you feel the wind but do not touch it .
She cannot wear a flamingo to dance class because it is an animal .
A desert is a geographical feature that cannot be moved .
Peace pigeons are not symbols of war .
Movie theaters don t have barbers who can cut hair
People can drink wine .
A frying pan is used for cooking food and should not be used for trash .
fish only live in the water
a driveway is located off a road
Alaska is not warmer than Hawaii .
cup would fall off a tree
A chair does not have a mechanism that allows it to drive .
no one bath in hot oil
a car doesn t fly so it s slower than a plane
Lack of training and salary would likely create feelings of discontent which would not make someone feel more loyal
A lifetime isn t a factual method of calculating time .
People have at most two feet .
Fish live in water to survive and without water fish will die .
Moubtains cannot be thrown .
We should keep quiet in a movie theater
A fridge is not an edible item nor is it a food .
If they like frisbee it is not a fact that they like football .
Hands are washed not clapped after going to toilet
The word pilot is a title given to people who are trained in the field of aviation .
People cannot photosynthesize .
ships are in water
Toothbrush cannot be baked .
science requires robust study
Jeans are an american piece of clothing
in the football class we cannot play the piano
Elephants are grey .
Devils do not make friends .
Crying is not the way to express happy emotions
A sick person should be treated in a hospital but not a bar .
Oatmeal is not a person and cannot eat .
A lathe is found in machine tool workshops
Foods such as pizza should be eaten in moderation .
You could use the internet to listen to the radio
If the items were not good quality she would not order them again .
Iron has a very high melting point
TONGUE HELPS TO SPEECH NOT WALK
February only has 28 or 29 days
loaf of bread is a eating item but traffic happens on the road .
.In Chair we can sit not for watering .
Saltiness cannot be judged by smell and salt has no special smell .
Volunteer work doesn t pay
A blanket holds in body heat a snake is an animal .
Calculators are a modern invention .
A car cannot drive on water
A bird doesn t fly without wings
Chickens are not carnivores .
You can only go fishing in a body of water .
she couldn t eat any more otherwise she would feel uncomfortable
when ice melts he turns into water first
Board is harder than eggs
A surfboard is not used to surf the net .
No animals can live on the moon .
sharks lives in the sea
second is not a unit of length
A dog it to big for a freezer and would die in there .
Rubber is softer than mouse
It is best to drive slow during heavy rain .
Tacos cannot be meditated .
Pens do not function on plates
A nuclear reactor is too big to fit in a box .
CAMERA IS TAKING PICTURES OF ALL MATTER
Tigers are wild animals and generally dangerous to play with
People can go to college after graduating from high school
Biscuits do not fly .
People do not live on the Moon .
many boys don t like wearing nail polish while many girls like
you cannot use your feet to handle the ball in basketball
Plastic is not conductive .
Computers don t turn into animals
a matter is an object .
Dolphins have no hair
Drought and war do not provide healthy life
Stars can be only seen in cloudless dark night
People don t usually bunk classes to hang out with parents .
Babies would get lost alone on the bus .
A university does not like failing grades on exams
Scissors will break if you try to cut a rock .
Most people do not want to run over people and would not accelerate at a pedestrian .
Refrigerators can be used to cool
Bubbles are not food .
The unicorn does not exist .
Geese migrate only in winter .
ocean does not gives snow
Shoes do not belong on one s hands .
A spoon is not sharp and couldn t cut a ham .
Cake insn t drinkable
The artic is very cold so the ocean freezes in winter .
The more money a tenant has to pay the less they have for other necessities of life .
you can t be sleeping and be active during sex
bananas do not like at all as they are inanimate
There is no smell or colour in a clean river .
A negative attitude will make your life miserable not happy
Leopards leave caucuses to decompose after they are done eating the flesh and meat from it s prey .
A park is an area of public land in a town or a city where people go to walk play and relax .
Rock cannot be a gift
Viruses can be for anybody that gets infected
animals are afraid of fire .
You can not eat toothpaste .
Disordered people is not defined statement is not factual .
Caterpillar is the earlier stage of development in butterflies life .
Salon is not the place to keep money .
Bears are not humans and do not know what it means to blame .
Silt would not improve the flavour of the soup
egypt is a hot place
It is not possible to rain in a room since in is indoors .
ships are used for transportation
A gate is installed outside of a house
Washing machine washes dirty clothes and linen .
history courses are not part of the math courses
no ship has any wheels
too cold for african lifeforms in antarctica
it isn t a happy thing that one s birthday is forgotten
dog cannot write novels
Dinosaur does not appear in the pond .
A father s son was born after the father .
The law forbids children from driving
A beer is in liquid form and eating is something you do with solid food .
People eat at restaurants .
People like to learn .
My grandfather read the words with his reading glasses .
A person only has one head .
It is not safe to be out in a hurricane .
Venus is a planet
Men do not bite dogs .
Lightning can t strike out into space
Sweat would make bedsheets dirty .
there is no logical use between bedtime and a knife
Cannot do human flesh laundry
Infants don t drink beer since alcohol is too harmful for them
people do not use books to stir their coffee
People can t decorate jewelry or tattoos on their hair
Toyotas Pontiacs and Mazdas are car names and they did not exist in Columbus s time .
The ball can t throw itself .
Summer has longer days than winter .
Love is not usually a source of despair .
Lions are above eagles on the food chain .
The fire would burn her
Grass is not something to eat
CLAY IS NOT A SNACK
Honolulu is on an island
plastic is not a food item
Tires are rubber wheels that help a car move
There are no big animals in the park .
Soap does not contain milk ingredients
Trousers are long pants .
Cars require a solid surface under them to drive .
Singing does not show someone how to read .
Porridge cannot be done by the refrigerator .
a person cannot sit on a lake
state highways is not around the countryside
items that hold air get punctures
Usually people enter into the room through door cant do it through window
A pen is not a eating utensil
pizza can be ate not read
Older bananas are not used to roast chicken
Grass does not have voice or mouth to make noise .
Bricks are noto food .
Pasta is an inanimate object .
Winning the lottery makes people happy .
One cannot play a refrigerator .
A piano is too heavy to skip across the water .
You breathe air not drink it
You can t swim if you re never around water .
Peony stands for elegance not for Valentine s Day .
employers is impossible to make a demand
Shoes are too big to fit into a make up box .
When someone puts effort into something they would like and expect to get something good but a punishment is bad .
8 year old children cannot buy cigarettes .
an army is bigger then the mattress
Dogs are more interested in chasing cats than rats .
TOILET NEVER USED FOR DINNER
Football is played with foot .
no silver is more valuable than gold
cats do not bark they meow
Ice cream would melt if cooked .
The sun is larger than the earth .
National news doesn t cover local affairs .
Robbers have no reason to catch policeman since policeman will arrest them
It is nonsensical because we don t go to the clothing store to have surgery .
dogs don t have hands and fingers to give baths
Human legs are not tall enough to jump over a high fence .
There is usually no sunshine on rainy days thus people don t need sunglasses
Hardware stores don t sell gasoline .
Rice is not used to make medals .
paper is too thin to contain milk shake
Pumpkins grow on vines .
Wall is a thing that her sister cannot be .
People do not become happy when their hard work gets permanently deleted .
A car is much smaller than a house .
If you are late you should move faster .
people share air and water with each other it is not good enough to be best friend
A restaurant sells food only not carpets .
A MAN WASN T PREGNANT
Students wants to get out of school fast and in the easiest way
Sheep do not eat mutton .
Water will not stand in clean kitchen sinks unless the drain is clogged
A pine tree cannot transport people .
The CPU is hardware also known as a processor so it doesn t display visuals on its own .
Obesity is worsened by consuming junk food .
Footballs are not typically edible .
Egg will broke if we use to play cricket
The Great Wall was built during the Ming Dynasty
playing a lot can t improve his handwriting
Shoes just use for protect feet
Mud is dirty and has a lot of bacteria .
A monkey cannot live in an underwater environment .
People do not live on mars .
A school play does not serve food .
The dinosaur is extinct
You can only perform calculations on a calculator .
Playgrounds do not have an area for swimming .
In order to wear pants legs are required .
water is not a building material
Highlighters come in colors other than yellow .
It s very hot in summer
Petrol is not something he can drink .
A roast beef is not a dessert food .
Female women don t hatch birds .
Plastic is not baby food .
A Lion can not enroll into a university
Pants don t fall off from stepping in puddles .
A spoon isn t a paintbrush
A relative is someone who have a blood relationship with you .
18 minutes are not enough to build a house .
The sun does not move .
The nightingale is a kind of bird
love has no relation with sex
soup dish can be find in kitchen
Grass can not be baked
There is no air in space
Eggshells are inedible
feathers are rarely used to make books
Whale is biger then the shelf .
lamp does not get punctured
It is important to check the parts of used cars because they may have been damaged during the usage .
No one wears sofa as clothes
desert is so big and made of sand nobody can eat it
Not only the smoking main culprit for cancer
You can not wear a car as a dress
Sahara is a desert which means that it receives very little rain
Hibernation does not need by the humans .
Transformers is not owned by Disney .
A pen is far too small to put clothing inside it .
wood is made from trees only
Trees are rooted to the spot .
educating people is the teachers duty not the doctors
Monkey is wild animal .
Bedroom is the place for sleeping .
There is nothing in the desk that can be programmed
Wine is a liquid substance .
Walking slower will not help avoiding being late .
A person cannot eat a car
Soda is a liquid and can t be used as a drawing utensil .
A pterodactyl is extinct and cannot be driven
Tricycles are not allowed to go on high speed .
It s lucky for a person to survive from a disaster
dogs are pets and not shoes
A lion eats meat so it cannot be a vegetarian which eats plants etc .
Mosquito nets are transparent .
Oil will make the fire more intense
Red lights may not be driven through .
it s not the evening if the sun is rising
A giraffe is too tall to fit through a door .
You would not eat a horse if you were hungry .
Bricks are too heavy to be moved by ants .
an airplane is too big for a garage
Car fumes mainly consist of hydrocarbon which pollutes the air .
Curtains perform no function in a closet .
The player scoring at the last minute is a good thing and he would not be criticized for it .
A litter always smells bad .
Milk makes you sleepy it would not wake you up .
Cavities are caused by lack of brushing
You should not drive on the sidewalk .
The garbage truck can run only on road it can not fly in the airport .
Vases are not used to store steak .
The sun is a star millions of miles away .
A can can t be put in a microwave or it would explode
Shirts don t affect vision .
Birds do not perform human actions such as dancing
bag not a typing machine
ice cream would easily melt in a closet
THE UNIVERSE IS NOT A OBJECT TO HOLDS IN THE BOX
Fish does not live in cooker
Shoes are made to be worn to protect the feet .
Apple is a eatable fruit .
a tiget live in the wild or in the zoo .
Foot is not a game .
Ovens do not clean things .
Toilet is not a symbol for remembering someone
Dinosaurs have been extinct for years so they can t be served for dinner .
Making money is not silly because any human living needs money to survive .
Fluids cannot be breathed after birth .
it is impossible not to breathe for longer than a few minutes
Monkeys cannot lift the moon
bluff is exaggerating and distorting the facts
because humans can t eat metal
You take the medicine
Not wearing clothes allows body heat to escape more readily so not wearing clothes will make a person feel colder .
Caloric surpluses create fat
COALE IS NOT A COAT
stoves do the cooking .
People do not leave places they had a happy time at .
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Porsche is a luxury car brand that would never sell vehicles as cheap as thirty dollars .
Gasoline isn t safe to clean dishes .
Cars are not washed in washing machines
Aircrafts cannot land on highways safely .
Santa Claus is the legend of the West
Funny movies don t make people cry .
Dirt is not edible .
For safety reasons jumping and bouncing would never be allowed in an elevator .
monkeys don t eat humans generally
Light music is quieter than that .
THERE IS NOT A RODE WAY TO THE MOON THE BIKE IS COULD NOT MOVE TO THE MOON .
A liver is not a body of water .
Tall is an attribute describing one s height .
Babies are not developed enough to know what to do with a weapon or even hold one .
If i need to travel i would only learn the language
one cannot survive wothout eating for a month
Dishwashers are not a vehicle and do not have the proper mechanics to be driven .
Students will feel nervous when their mistakes are found by teachers
Summer is the hottest season .
Ice can cause frostbite .
gloves do not fit feet
Gold is not kept in bread
Scratch is done any object to remove some label but not related to exercise .
Sugar is meant to sweeten food .
People are not inclined to make friends with devil people
Pencil does not need batteries .
penguin is not a bird
Skates are not suitable for playing tennis .
Gravity would pull the fruits down .
An elephant isn t a bird
You should wear thick clothes in the winter
Heat does not produce noise .
Trains don t fly .
An actor does not have any connection with the patient .
Iron is heavier than water .
a bike is always slower than a car
A car is not something that gets arrested .
Pets can t talk and we can t understand their feelings
Sleeping is relaxing and you cannot get fit if you are asleep .
Oranges don t grow on palm trees .
The dead cannot be alive .
A carrot cannot supply weapons .
Doctor Stephen Strange has not studied the knowledge of lawyers
People will not approve lazy people .
Rains doesn t bring milk It brings water
rubbish has an unpleasant smell
Hills are too big to be swallowed .
Humans cannot fly .
Hammers are used to apply blunt force pressure and cannot cut .
no one can take a life threatning decision even in hurry .
a chainsaw is not something to play with
Lions are too large to be thrown .
There is no wilderness at the mall .
box doesn t has ink to write
An average person cannot fly to the moon .
You cannot contact anyone through a pencil .
A car would not fit in a ballroom
people who eat nothing for years will die
Water has no heat to roast meat .
hair is on our heads so we can t turn to it .
people can t be split into patches .
You can t buy a dress at a pet shop .
People don t have special lungs to breath in the water .
Humans cannot float in the sky
sleeping pills help to fall asleep
Weather cannot be stripy .
Steel nail is too small to sleep in .
This is mathmatically incorrect
people will spare time with others only after they finish their business in most situations
Satisfactory jobs bring contentment not sadness .
You do not put utensils on a tv .
crocodiles don t smoke and they probably couldn t even hold a cigar in their mouth
no one has surgery for fun
Sticks do not drink liquids .
Cars cannot be folded .
Libraries are quiet so people can read in peace .
The teacher s workplace isn t on the plane .
With the help of chopsticks we eat food not draw the things
stone is not a flower
Typically men don t wear blouses
Snow requires cold weather to form .
Swimming can only happen in water not land .
Eyes have few nerves .
You could break the machine .
A tomato would get squished if you took a nap on it
A house is much bigger than a pan .
You can t write with a knife .
A coward by definition is not an extremely brave person therefore if a person is a coward they wouldn t be admired for being brave .
Music is not played by tables .
Tigers do not have oppsosable therefore cannot smoke .
Humans can swim in the water but can not fly in the sky
Shoes are not used for wiping noses .
ink would make your hair dirty
magma will burn the feet
If a fire engine is painted red it will have a red color .
It s not possible for a flower to provide energy for charging a phone .
Chef s cannot prescribe pills .
Fresh vegetables are usually sold in the farmer s market or supermarket .
A mixer is not necessary to make a pizza .
There aren t any trees in an ocean .
plants cannot grow with petrol
Snakes can t use their own to light
shops have to open otherwise they won t get income
older teachers have more knowledge and have more expirience
Students can t earn money by attending school .
People should not eat the food that they are allergic to for it is dangerous
Trains are operated from the railway station
Oil is detrimental to plant growth .
Waves usually seen at water bodies
Telephone cannot played by Jazz musician .
You can not write notes on stone .
Tigers are too big to be put in an oven
Chairs are not jewelry
Pencils don t have personalities and do not need to be gotten along with .
Manaus is too far from Campinas
Earth rotates around the Sun not the other way around .
Durain fruits gives unlike smell
A photographer cannot be a collection of fruit .
Rain is not a body of water on can swim in .
Smoking is harmful to health and can cause cancer .
Dreams usually happen when people are asleep not awake .
Car is a mode of land of transport
Cars cant get inside a building
Dinosaurs are extinct
jobs cannot be drawn .
Pluto is not considered a planet .
Chatting with friends usually improves the mood
Cats do not wear prescriptive lenses .
nose is for breathing
200 is two hundred
Egypt s climate is hot .
hair is on our head
Amino acids are not carbohydrates .
MIKE IS NOT A HUMAN TO DANCE
there are no trees in the cinema
The TV is not a table for serving food on .
Vinegar is acidic in taste
People don t eat people .
A fork can not contain soup
A jail is not a suitable place for children .
Refrigerator is for cooling and protecting food from fermentation not for baking
A document cannot be typed using a bag
An apple is a fruit .
Tables cannot speak
We don t usually want to see family members dismay
Lions do not have opposable thumbs therefore incapable of constructing a shoe .
Rubber cannot be used to write .
Watching too much TV is harmful to children s eyesight and thus should be controlled .
You hit a person with a baseball bat not hit the bat with a person .
A pen has no place to store water in it .
A table is not edible
people would die in a blender
Lens cover only protects the lens but will not affect taking photos
tiger can not be fit in the oven
People don t watch movies in temple
Pandas eat bamboo and cannot eat a bomb .
Gibraltar is in Europe
The theater is not a place for punishment .
Stubbing the toe is not pleasant
shoe doesn t show time
Apple can be eaten not charged
Stamps are not sold at the police office .
Dumplings are not prepared by putting a car in them .
toilet does not serve eggs
TELEVISION doesn t HAVE EYES
You should not wash your pens .
Bamboo is a tree on its own .
Mobile phones are not edible .
A rock is too hard to be eaten .
It can t be euphoric when we stubbed the toe .
The tongue helps one talk not walk .
The sun is not out at night .
Happiness does not usually put people to sleep .
Submarine does not fly in the clouds .
Playing games does not help with getting good grades
It is very hard to run with one leg .
You can t set sharks on a table .
Houses have no capacity to ingest food .
the oven is a logical place for bread while a closet is not .
A fishing rod is much bigger than a fish
Soup should not be at the bottom of the stairs .
A barn is not something that people cook .
Walls cant talk
an ostrich is too big to be eaten whole
A basin is too big for a whale .
The order of the weekend is after Saturday is Sunday
First you have to peel the banana so you can eat it .
bananas cannot be desks
a dog cannot fly
Shoe is not worn on nose normally
A kitchen is for preparing food and doesn t have a shower in it .
you cant drive road you can however drive a car or other vehicle
TRAIN IS A OBJECT IT DOES NOT LIKE
Pine cones are an impossible way to build a house they are too small too flimsy too irregular and too full of holes .
diamonds are very hard
People don t cook clothes
Shower cannot be done while we are hungry .
You can not buy a person as a gift
Sea can not provide enough buoyancy
You can t start a car with a flamingo .
Usually lions live in forests or zoo
A printer cannot print a laptop
A car is too big to be placed in a vending machine .
Water doesn t drink people
McDonald s sells fish fillets sandwiches not fresh seafood so he cannot buy fresh seafood from there .
People won t face palm the player even if they re not good enough
Leaves cannot feed the animals .
Diamonds are found within the Earth and are not a part of weather patterns .
Buildings don t fit inside a microwave .
A car is a motor vehicle used for travel
Rice and Beans are not found in the wild for monkeys to eat .
Rivers do not contain mountains
no one can plant rockets
You can not get full in the shower
Items are purchased at a store which requires someone to spend money .
A blindfold blocks all eyesight .
MUSTACHE IS NOT SUITABLE FOR COMPUTER FORM
People do not fit into refrigerators let alone play football .
Flowers are not pricked to be destroyed .
It is impossible to change people with remote
a car is not a writing tool
Bottles can t be used for writing .
Water is not a magnet .
The earth and sun both are different and apart entities of our universe .
A pillow factory will only have materials for pillows .
Grandpas usually walk slow .
She flew on a plane
Wildlife lives in forests
Curriculum is not capable of taking posessions
Mud is not edible for humans .
A bank is for money not drugs .
The tortoise usually crawl very slowly
Barber car is not a place to cut the hair .
if the blades are static the helicopter would not fly
Plenty of scientific research exists to show that this activity is bad for anyone s eyesigt .
YOU WOULD READ THE NEWSPAPER BECAUSE YOU WANT TO GATHER INFORMATION
You can t skate on ice unless you have ice skates on .
Sandwiches are commonly made with bread .
Violins are not a kitchen utensil .
Pens are used to write things down .
fire hydrants are inanimate therefore cannot do anything
The biscuit doesn t have ability to fly .
The definition of drowned is to die in a liquid and air isn t a liquid
SUPERMAN IS NOT A CHEF
Plastic bags will not wash your face .
Children who do not have present fathers do not develop normally .
Ice freezing would cause the ocean levels to decrease .
Public speakers can not be babies
Weeds spoils the plants s growth so it can not be planted .
Cats do not bark .
Crows are not known for their singing and they make an annoying noise .
Trees are not humans and therefore cannot be dated .
Yo yo is played by one person .
Crab grass is not health food .
Typically a man would not be wearing a dress
Bicycle does not have three tires to be flat .
You do not first enter a mall by exiting through the doors .
water heater is to big to eat
A car is too heavy and inflexible to wear .
A bus drives on the road it does not go to space .
the rain comes from the sky
Drinking whiskey is not healthy .
A pillow is not entertainment .
There are no bookstores on the moon
Dog is too big than the tea cup
stone is not a human
You can use cup to drink not to write .
You can t wear an actual helicopter .
There is no fitness equipment at a bar as bars are used for social gatherings .
An airplane is not food to be cooked
The Alps are no where near China .
From Moon s perspective Earth stands still .
Bacteria will not be angry .
The skies cannot be separated .
A walrus is an animal and has nothing to do with people s poop .
Wolf cannot be pet
Lettuce is a healthy food .
Dogs do not have thumbs to help them cook .
table do not have space to live
Horses are too big to stay in washrooms .
Rotten potatoes cause illness .
One does not use a gun to ask for assistance .
Apple cannot be kept inside the pen
no one s blood is in blue color
There is no structure built yet that makes it possible to climb all the way to the sky .
fire keeps food hot
thread is not a hard object to break something
no one goes to gym after eating the meals
you don t make a law that easily just in brazil
there are no humans on the moon so there s no way to get pollution there
Fridge makes the things cool
Little Caesars does not have fried chicken .
Drink water to rehydrate your body
Ink does harm to people s health .
credit card is too expensive to be used for souvenir .
Fires emit heat and always burn hot .
A blender is non edible therefore cannot be cooked
A sword is too big to be a knife .
Fishes swim in water and cannot run .
You cannot drive a table it does not have wheels .
trains can not go to hawaii
Only living things can become sick and a piano is not alive .
It s not possible to buy something without actually going shopping .
Leaves cannot be used to crochet blankets .
It is impossible to walk to Paris since it situates in western Europe not in Asia .
39 PM does not exist .
A globe is not food .
Dragons don t exist
dog only run
You won t see farther in water .
Animals at the zoo are not available to eat .
Overeating would make her gain weight .
no one will be happy for a death
Ice will only make your hair wet .
Refrigerators are used for keeping things cool but not to cook .
Deposits are made into financial accounts .
Water is not used to roast the onions .
Dining room is a place where planes do not appear .
A sad story will make her feel worse .
Southern dishes are based around rice .
A computer is too small
oil is not used in a coffee
Temple is not a place to watch movies and no one plays movie there
a video game is not food
A mechanic is a person who fixes cars . He would not be somewhere where he could sink a car .
Ocean water does not have sugar .
Cats don t grow on plants .
father called as papa
The chair does not made standing .
A solid surface is needed to paint a portrait on .
A dog barks it doesn t crow
The shower can t clean air . Shower is for cleaning body .
Sharks cannot be eaten while vegetables are good for the health
Dolls can t watch anyting and they have no feelings at all .
DOG IS NOT A GUY TO PLAY GUITAR
Programming language lives in a virtual world and not in the physical world in a form that could kills someone
A donkey isn t a mode of transportation to get to work .
A driver does not repair pipes or water supplies he drives a vehicle .
Pools are not found in offices
Sharks do not drive .
talking on the phone when watching a movie in the movie theater would disturb others and is a terrible behavior
A monkey cannot drive .
Fire cannot used to prevent death .
Watches cannot be eaten .
Doctors fix people not computers .
Healthy cats have four feet
Your ears are a shape that do not fit a sock .
Highway cannot found in the countryside .
A candy is a sweet product .
Elevators are not appropriate places to sleep .
people walk with foot not hand .
Animals don t cook the produce their food
Cars do not fly
There are six sides to a box .
farmers don t teach
He can not grow younger only older .
Books are not edible
fish lives in water so they cannot leaps from branch to branch
If you are surrounded by people talking to you you re not alone .
You do not receive cards and flowers in a store .
A broom is not used to open a door .
The reef is underneath the water so you can t fall up .
Dogs don t learn like children do
People who make mistakes feel guilty and embarrassed not proud .
A book is made up of a lot of information rather than a piece of information
banana is a fruit
Cooker is not a vehicle
The contents of some books are not suitable for us to read
moisturizers irritate the eyes
The mirror only reflects the sides that is facing it .
Farmers have no legal knowledge .
The sun doesn t make you wet .
Programmers can do coding on computers they cannot build and design downtown buildings .
Neptune is much too far away to go on a date .
ZEBRA HAD ONLY LINES
A blanket cannot charge a device
Airports do not have water .
Jackets don t have swimming pool in them
You cannot swallow a spoon
The sky is atmosphere and already starts from the ground hence can not fall .
Fish do not live in cookers .
You can t draw with a toothbrush .
Bathtubs are not for cooking food .
Passengers on a plane do not pilot the plane and are not responsible for landing the plane .
Onions are not an ingredient in lemonade
People wear hat on their head not on their ass
Air is not a solid surface
Ice is made from frozen water .
Lions live on land .
with ships teleportation is not possible
trees usually get new leaves in spring
Chicken flavored ice cream is not widely available .
She is much bigger than the mount ants .
Movable things are not kept inside fridges .
vending machines don t wash clothes .
dogs can t fly
river water is not salty
People can hear about a book from others that they know .
Computers are not accessible to everybody due to costs .
Lions have no blood sucking function
Bricks are not made of liquid
A person does not use milk to wash hair
Wendy is a name .
Hospitals have no teachers to teach reading and writing
Restaurants are not responsible for finding people accomodation or for registering people who live in a place .
Exercise does not diminish a person s health .
Scientists haven t proved the existence of aliens
Coffee is not a base material .
The clothes are much bigger than in the previous years
A water pistol is to play with not to stop danger
A toothpick is way too fragile to operate with .
A kite cannot fly when there is no wind .
Low exam grades are detrimental and usually cause sadness .
A snack is usually a small food portion .
It would be too hot outside to enjoy a hot cup of cocoa .
Moisturizers are made to hydrate your skin but can burn if they get into your eyes .
Kisses are usually reserved for people we like not burglars .
Breaking a plate is not a good thing people won t be praised because of it
walking doesn t cost money
tables are to be sat at
Rats are small and can crawl into tiny spaces .
A rainbow is an effect created when lifht passes through rain water
It is impossible for a person to grow taller than a giraffe
This is a place you should walk or drive to .
Marriage doesn t occur until she is an adult
Bikini is not suitable for the cinema
Delicious meal cannot be cooked by the cat .
Vegetable soup does not have chicken .
Washing machine cannot be rode down the hill .
Bird is a different species than a dog .
A human can t walk through closed doors
You can t date a fridge .
Coffee would taste bad with oil in it
You need to open your mouth to produce sounds .
You always see yourself in front of you in a mirror .
You can t go on a pizza anywhere .
Horses do not hiss .
Cars are driving on the land but the planes are flying in the sky
Stone is not a breakfast ingredient .
A patient is not educated to diagnose symptoms .
jacket can not contain swimming pool
You can only roll if you have speed or are going down .
Listening to water doesn t quench thirst
A humburger can or cannot have tomato it is not on the recipee
Fresh food can be eaten or stored it is unnecessary and wasteful to throw it away .
the wind is invisible
Menus are looked at before ordering so you know what to order .
A jungle cannot be moved to a school .
ISLAM DOESN T EAT PORK
Patients are not criminals
dirt does not have a good taste
NOTHING GROW IN SINK
The human body needs sleep to relieve fatigue
Trains do not fly .
hamster not used for remote
The grand Canyon is too large to jump over .
Iron bar has no thought to correct the homework
It can seal things that hold air but not air itself .
Dogs are not able to talk or communicate with words .
Life in moon is not discovered yet .
Billboards are for advertisement only
you say good night before you go to bed
No human lifetime has been known to exceed 200 years .
Sweets are damaging to human teeth .
planet is not a product to buy
MATCHSTICK DOESN T HAS INK
Keyboards are too small and uncomfortable to be able to lie on for relaxation .
Hotels are places to stay and eat and gyms for exercising
A child would roll backwards if they tried to roll uphill on skates .
airplane is not a football
Lamps have no smell
Lungs are used to process oxygen from air not liquid .
The ability to grow hair on the ass
Ants on land
clothes are usually meant for wearing and not for cooling
Sugar pills can not be targeted for the treatment of diseases .
staying up late doesn t help with work
Cotton flattens out really quick .
It is not sanitary to cut hair in a kitchen .
A chair would not fit inside a fridge .
no one is excited when being betrayed
Ancient Chinese do not add milk to their tea .
There is generally no temperature sensor in the clock
Smoking is bad for our health so we should smoke fewer .
If her tooth ached she would not be able to chew properly
hardware ware store is not a grocery store
Teeth will bleed if a knife is used to brush
Food is made in the kitchen and not lakes which are bodies of water .
it is not the right tool for cleaning your face
It is too heavy
a pigeon is too small for a person to ride
Gloves are not on your feet
One cannot consume so much water at one time because the stomach does not have enough capacity for it .
Artists create art they do not help injured people .
No one would eat motor oil .
Tadpoles are larvae of frogs .
No one has a lake worth of orange juice .
Mice do not live in the sea .
English is spoken mainly in the U .S .A .
Keyboards do not have cameras and cannot spy on people .
Five wheels are more than needed so it would be inefficient .
A hair dresser is not a position involved in politics
THERE IS A BALD EAGLE STANDING ON A ROCK
Cats generally cannot read .
Flying carpets aren t real .
Stone does not clean like a soap .
spoon is used for eating
the floor cannot reflect the brightness of the stars
A fridge is too cold to bake bread
Pizza is not a container for liquids .
The ball weighs too much
Orange juice is poured in a glass .
photographer is not a collection
Pilots don t have anything to do with trains .
The billboard does not have a stop sign .
A knife is not sharp enough to cut the bricks .
Cake cant not think or react .
Volleyballs are non edible thing and which is use to play in all seasons .
Iced water would a stomachache worse
Trees are not food .
A dog is to big for a chicken to lay !
Soy sauce would make the bread fall apart .
people can t go into a stone .
Lions do not fit in pockets .
A cup is not a writing tool .
KNEECAPS ARE USUALLY LOCATED ON FOOT
Gloves are worn on hands
They do not let dogs on or even near rockets .
You can t ice skate on mud
people do not use monkey to gamble .
Batteries don t use computers .
It is impossible to get to the moon by car
A door cannot be unlocked with a shoe .
A blueberry isn t a weapon .
building can t do anything .
A leopard is a type of a cat not a canine .
Pets are animals not humans .
Stars has not eyes
A stick can not clasp or grab onto things .
Bookcase is too heavy for people to carry to school .
Lions eat meat
bricks cannot be eaten
Trees are stationary .
desks are not readable
You cannot scrape your hair and you do not put band aids on your hair .
Basketball is too huge
Mirrors are flat which would not efficiently hold liquid
Windows can t open attics .
When you are hungry you should eat rather than drink water .
dogs can hardly play computer games in most cases
His finger is not an axe .
people speak multiple languages
Air plane propellers and jet engines can not suck a plane in reverse .
Water should not be put inside a car engine .
Losing a fight would make your enemy happy
A flamingo cannot make a car start .
Cats eat mice .
You cannot make apples from pies because they grow from trees .
Steak is not a pork product .
A stethoscope is meant to check your heart
PAPER IS NOT A TV TO WATCH IT
Seeing is a natural sense compared to singing which you take lessons to learn .
Tigers would not be satisfied eating bamboo .
Water is a liquid and cannot be eaten only drank .
People don t ride whales as a form of transportation .
People can t fly and eating doesn t make a difference .
Mistakes at work may cause serious result to Sunny s company
There are no houses made of paper .
It would be really hard to sleep in water .
Eraser are used to erase they have no use when it comes to shaving .
You can t wear an helicopter
Butter is an oil and is cannot kill .
bricks do not absorb liquid
human cannot build a bridge over the sky now .
Grass is not sturdy enough to make brush bristles out of .
Football is sporting goods and can t be eaten .
Cars are a lot bigger than flowerpots .
Going abroad you can see many new things and people
A sponge cannot sttack or defend people so it cannot be a weapon .
Charging does not affect cell phone memory
If salt gets moist it loses its texture .
Dead person won t say anything
People are happy when they are praised or complimented .
Cars aren t made of fuel they burn it to produce energy and work
It is easy to get wet to go out in a rainy day
An ambulance is used during an emergency .
Teachers work in schools not hotels .
Ice slightly lowers air temperature and does not warm it .
A planet is a celestial body .
people in the disaster hit area do not need poison
There is no sunshine in indoor places
There is no oil within water to extract only oxygen and hydrogen .
A paper had no value to buy things .
brake pedals are used to slow down
A bookcase is too heavy for a person to carry on his back .
A street does not have the ability to kick .
A stone cannot be used to eat .
you can always have kitchen fires
Practising makes you remember not forget
Sharks and fish do not talk .
Dinosaurs lived in prehistoric times but they are extinct now .
Human blood contains red blood cells which are red .
Truckload of apples cannot be eaten in one day by a single man .
Bad grades can get you in trouble
People don t need ants to live
CELLPHONE IS NOT A FISH TO ATE
You cannot call someone with a radio .
Your heartbeat is what keeps you alive and breathing by transporting blood so without it you are dead .
house is too big to be wrapped with paper
Electricity never turns to water .
Roses taste too bitter to eat .
Birds do not sing stories because they have no words .
Man can also stay active in winter .
Whales are too big for the fish tank
Bricks are not food and can t be found at grocery stores
LIBRARY CONTAINS BOOKS ONLY NOT DRINKS
SHIP WILL SAIL ON SEA POND IS SMALL AREA .
Sun is in the sky .
everyone s life is equally important and we should protect ourselves
A normal plane cannot just simply land in Mars
An hour is defined as sixty minutes not seventy .
A whale is too heavy to throw .
You can not eat paint
train station cannot offer help if you get a blow to the face a hospital can
My daughter is too big to fit in the sink
The eagle is much larger than the mouse .
Human health is not benefited by drinking .
You do not use a pen on a chopping block .
We use computers to send e mails
It s impossible for people to fly .
A cup is much too small for a person to sleep in .
Birthday parties do not happen in the kitchen .
A spoon is used to eat food .
The dinosaurs are extinct and they are no longer visible
An Indoor Restaurants does not have a football field to host a tournament .
You can t ride a motorcycle on a lion because the lion would not be able to support the weight of the bike .
Wind storms are in the air above the ground so the ground cannot be covered by wind but only by the items the wind carries and drops on the ground .
Too much exercise puts strain on the body which can cause harm .
Awesome movies make a lot of money at the box office .
salmon is a food item
Snakes do not have light to shine
Ice is frozen and cold .
Restaurant is a place to eat and no one prays there
You do not write on the beach .
STORE IS NOT FOR GAINING MONEY
bitter melon tastes bitter
Car tires are not effective on rails .
An earplug blocks the ear which blocks out unwanted noise .
Dumb people even can t say anything .
Pepper does not have much sugar
A chair isn t alive .
Sunglasses can only withstand sunshine can not restore myopia
Pulling and pushing doors down into the ground make them get stuck .
A point is a position within a box .
Pollution is caused by fumes .
You cannot publish articles in the Bible .
Sewage isn t drinkable .
Mountains are natural formations
butter is dairy product
Fish live in the ocean dogs live on land .
We don t use the tongue to walk
A king is never a pet a king is always the person in charge .
Sugar doesn t relieve fatigue .
Gravity pulls you down and doesn t push you up .
because you only act in a play
World War II tanks are not for sale at libraries .
The box is too small to work .
Planet cannot be constructed within five years .
Licenses are used to legally purchase guns
The sun is too big to lay under the dog .
refrigerators are cold
Wands do not exist only in movies
white is not a color of grape and onion
Talking loudly disrupts movies played in cinemas .
people buy tickets to watch a game not to play a game
You can only die once .
The closed door will block the way
Desks are used for sitting at and studying not standing on .
Buses are too large to eat .
Riding a van into the house is not a good idea you ll destroy the house .
Giant pandas are a protected and endangered species so they aren t for sale .
People do not eat 30 times per day
it can not rain indoors like in a classroom
Dogs are not ridden
stone is not a food to eat
Washing clothes does not require fire .
you find a car in the garage
paper is not sharp enough
Chairs do not eat cookies .
A birthday is the day a person is born and people cannot be born three times .
An apple is not an alive being .
Humans can t be pets .
Suspect will not be executed if there is not enough evidence
Bikes will sink in water .
Soap is inedible .
no one can stand on a monitor .
Soups can only be eaten with spoons
The stomach is for food .
you would die in lava
children learn from others
Friendly people are not disliked by others .
Washrooms are used by people
there are no carp in the water
garbage is not salty seas
Police station is a place to file criminal complaints .
Dogs bark to alert others .
cannot exchange a currency for time as time cannot be controlled
Drinks are unhealthy for your body .
WINDOW IS USED FOR LOOK NOT FOR JUMP
A goldfish is too small for a toilet to fit inside .
Teachers are not usually happy when their students are absent from class .
cups aren t human
star cannot be touched by human
CAR IS NOT AN MILKSHAKE TO DRINK
A person is not able to eat a car .
houses are for living not eating
Rabbits are too large to be on a lotus root .
Flowers wither when petrol is poured over it .
Soup does not make noise .
waitresses are not available in the metro .
Dogs can t drive .
Usually there are no dark clouds when the weather clears up .
to play soccer there is no need to know jumping with para shoot
Boiled water does not contain substance that keeps people refreshed and eliminates fatigue but the tee does
The environment of the moon is not suitable for human travel .
Warm clothes are worn when it is too cold to sunbathe
Theater is a place to watch movie
A saloon is where you order drinks .
dogs are not toys so hes not a ball
The earth is not flat .
Dog is not a thing to watch an advertisement .
More than sweat water makes you wet while raining
People do not eat bricks
a building can t fit inside a human
A pervert will not offer candy to children .
The bag is too small to keep the building
bringing a pot outdoor is inconvenient
Chairs are not eaten
Entering a good university should be very happy .
Only water skiing is done in the lake .
Dishwashing liquid is not sprayed .
necklaces are extra make up
Water can t be written on
Playing games does not help with academic success
it is impossible to make a walking tour on sun
there are no other months besides january february march april may june july august september october november and december
Melted ice water is less slippery .
The moon is in outerspace .
penguins don t live in the Arctic
No one has ever been on pluto .
Football is played on the ground .
Diamonds are precious stones
Pigs are found outdoors
There are several weeks in a month and Sundays in every week
People of all ages are legally able to drink Coke .
France uses Euros .
Humans can t fly .
Eight hundred miles is too far for even the most talented sniper .
There are very little plants that are harvested in winter .
Teachers never change the contents of any of the literature they teach .
Books are made up of papers paper can t eat
In court it is the jury not the defendant that decides the outcome of the trial
Trains run on railways not sports cars .
If he ran the fastest he would be the first to cross the finish line .
Nobody cooks tables .
A toaster doesn t have legs so it can t be walked
human cannot reach the sun now
it is illegal to buy a lion .
meter is a unit for things
A razor is used to remove all hair or remove all hair in an area not to trim hair .
platic not eatable
flowers don t need plastic they need water
You don t make clean clothes dirty .
A ham is food and cannot sell anything .
Usually the boss is satisfied with the outstanding work
Horse don t have tyre on them
Thre is no water on the moon .
The earth is spherical not square .
A person cannot go inside a mirror .
Liquid beverages are considered refreshments .
Sunglasses doesn t help curing short sight
The water will not hurt kids
Lions can t cook .
Sunglasses do not help keep you dry in the rain .
Ghillie suits aren t worn outside .
People eat through their mouths
It s cold outdoors in the north in winter
Vegetables are not carnivores .
No one can buy a child .
A whole ostrich would not fit in the microwave .
there is no twenty five o clock in a day .
Milk comes in a bottle not in a carton .
A snack is by definition smaller than a meal .
a human normally has one head
Football is not considered a natural discipline .
Ants have a body that is too small to curl up in a tree .
GOLDFISH ARE NOT A MAMMALS
A fan is a device used to cool people off .
macaroni is made by human so natural ground cannot be covered with it
Cars can t ride through space .
CAR DEALERS NO NEED TO PERFORM IN PLAY
Plants cannot be played because they are not musical instruments .
A train is a large motorized vehicle used for transport .
Grills do not move .
A house is not a vehicle and you can t drive it .
Without charging A mobile phone shuts down .
You cannot pour lion as it is solid .
Cement is a building material unsafe for consumption .
One need not speak to go anywhere .
Comb is used on hair not teeth .
Noses are not capable of supporting the weight of a person nor can your use them to walk
Mature apples contain a lot of sugar .
A dentist works on teeth not hands .
Mirrors are flat and cannot hold liquids .
Desks can t write .
Quilts can get wet when they are used to wipe hair .
You cannot write with chocolate
Cats are not a plant .
Ashes are burnt remains they are not able to use for transplants etc .
hour is smaller than day
bull cannot be thrown by person
RACCOON IS SMALLER THAN BEAR
It is generally better to bring up sensitive subjects when not angry .
Wastewater is waste without nutrition
We usually find trees upright but a tree on a koala would have to have fallen over .
Cars are made not of fuel .
Talking with other can release the feeling of alone
You don t trim carpets .
people won t die if they don t play
a tie does not save a rider
Dinosaurs have long since become extinct
A bath will make your skin clean but not tan .
Boats are usually so huge
Dogs don t live in water or confined glass containers
The color of human blood is incorrect .
Crocodiles live in water
Head is too small for a plane to land
Dogs have fur not feathers .
barbers cut human hair and don t do anything with pets for their living .
No one enjoys boring movies .
Kindergarten is for tiny children .
Children normally are afraid of hospitals
clinic is for treatment
The sun is only a ball of fire where life cannot survive .
You just can t put a closet in a backpack .
if you drink gasoline you ll die
Lakes have been thoroughly examined and every animal inhabiting them is already known
Playing chess requires movement and thinking .
Carpet is spread on the floor but not hung on the wall
Just looking at sugar won t give you anything
Planes are much faster than the high speed trains .
Trees cannot jump .
A television is not a means transportation .
You can t hear noise on the outside of a plane if you are inside .
she would need a belt not food .
A shark is too dangerous to ride .
The equator is so hot that glaciers can t exist .
You can not play a game wth a dead person .
Washing your hands makes them wet .
You can t swim up a mountain
Jackets are made from soft and sturdy materials .
Eating hot pot with your hands can burn your hands .
radio doesn t use internet
A loaf of bread does not complete task .
Videogame cannot turn into a car .
giving a baby away is illegal
A park is for people to enjoy you do not park cars there .
Any form of id is required for calling cards not just driver licenses .
A chair is too big to go in a fridge .
mountains are much larger
If you sleep in water you will drown .
The tree is too big
Snakes are not something a mother would kiss .
TOM IS EATING HIS HANDS BECAUSE ITS A CHALANGE
Summer is known to be hot and winter is cold .
Pools are for swimming and not necessary for an office
Hospitals have beds .
Wearing a coat in sunlight makes one swear a lot so nobody wears it .
The kitchen is a place to eat food .
Cats cannot fit into keyholes .
When someone doesn t know a word they look it up in a dictionary and don t play basketball .
9 p .m . is in the evening not afternoon
HUMAN IS NOT A PLAN TO CROSS OCEAN
microscope is not used to see far things
Bins are for garbage
Jackets do not have swimming pools .
A dog does not have arms .
You can t take drugs to the bank .
People will feel upset when rejected by others
People don t go the moon casually
Singing is not something to be prepared for vacation
Car lamps can be cracked or broken but not punctured .
Home is thing so it cannot do anything itself .
Cinema is a place where the teacher cannot lecture .
Bogus policy can decrease the food production and thus creates famine .
Men are born with hair .
Bright light keeps people awake
The book is not alive
Kitchen sink is not big enough to take bath in it
A hug is an act in which two people express affection for one another by wrapping their arms around each other .
The RMB is printed on printed paper
Goldfish do not take tests
Violas are made of wood and metal which you shouldn t eat .
Informal reprimand is only useful outside of official reprisal .
Cinema s administration taken out the noise making youth out from the cinema .
Cleveland is a city in the state of Ohio
Putting a smartphone in a freezer would probably break it .
The plane would make a louder noice outside
A ball is not a liquid that can be drank .
HOUSE IS IMMOVABLE
Drinking alcohol damages your liver .
You put clothes in the washer first and then in the dryer .
Pots are not organic and do not grow
Funerals are sad events .
flowers are grown outdoors
salary does not produce milk
A child crying does not have the ability to cause items to fall .
High scores are not linked to popularity .
you re a serial killer you don t do that to bodies
Only plants can photosynthesize .
the gap between rich and children is not the main challenge
Fridge can cool the water .
bees collect honey not dragonflies
Ice does not produce the fire needed to light the grill .
You choose what you want to eat off of a menu before you order .
Restaurant won t deal with the injure
A leg is attached to a body and cannot be stolen .
Impossible to land on the sun
You can t kiss the sun
Owls are nocturnal
A stick is inadequate for the purpose of wiping as it is better used for scraping and would leave scratches .
Forest fire is a disaster for woods
Clouds are above earth .
Window can t have any desire
A cactus can harvest and store water but not by drinking it in a way a mammal would .
wind cannot pass through glass like light .
A diaper is for the purpose of filling with a baby s waste and cannot wear a baby .
Dogs can t drive cars .
a giraffe is much bigger than the oven
Insurance company does not provide decoration service
Watchmen usually safe guard premises
Athletes don t need pesticides during their match
Showers clean people and cant clean the air
Nothing can revolve around the formless sky .
Pen is a thing which cannot be used to absorb oil .
If you snap the DVD in half it s broken and you can t watch it .
People won t work when they are striking
Gifts are given for celebrations .
Digital watches only have numbers .
There usually aren t kitchen tables in public places .
CHILD IS NOT A ANIMAL TO TREE ON BRICK
There must be some Americans who love tofu
He cannot buy parents in the super markets .
Screens are found on devices not walls .
You would have to hide behind cover in order to hide sucessfully rather than being out in the open .
The weather was less than great .
A basket ball is too big to be used for playing cricket
Toenails are not a food .
no one considered to be unlucky when they win a prize
the world is so big that we still have more space without human being than with human .
oranges is not a music
the toilet is used for excretion
no one puts a lion on their clothes .
He would choke on the rock .
No one can even seat inside the steering wheel
You can t play football with a stick
Newspapers do not have definitions for the words it uses .
pterodactyl do not have keys to start
stone is a hard solid non metallic mineral matter of which rock is made
shoe for wear on feet
dolphins are not currency
If the man donated his wristwatch he would not have money for drugs .
A dog is too big to fit in a mug
cloud cannot push people
A journey is not reading material .
Unfortunately dragons don t exist and so a woman blonde or otherwise can t ride them
T .V is too hard to chew
Books are not something that people eat .
Pianos do not have the kind of keys for typing .
People don t physically live on top of a head of broccoli .
An actor performs on the stage or in films rather than produce a film as a director .
Playing is distracting from studying .
Griffin s don t exist and so this is not possible
Cars go in the garage .
Noodles fall off of spatulas
Laughing loudly in public places is rude
If the war starts it is not possible to soldiers go home because they are the main people to fight .
there is no study of courage .
air pollution is not an disease it is a environmental problem
A pool doesn t have doctors .
We can t use paper to buy something .
Raising the temperature of the air conditioner will make the room hotter .
police are not the robbers
The sun sits in space
no one will keep his toothbrush in a backyeard .
Mammals do not ptoduce eggs .
Wolves are dangerous .
The secretary is not a person to fetch a cup of tea .
It s so cold in the fridge that the ice cream won t melt
When your teeth ache it is difficult to chew .
A car motor can not run on water .
a travel agency is not helpful when dealing with a car accident
Dogs don t have work that requires them to take a bicycle not that they could ride one .
Islands can t be located in Belgic
A knife cuts food not bricks
for stomachache people take medicines and light food
mother born before child
You wouldn t want to stay up late when you are very tired .
Flies cannot be burned with honey .
Sheep are very meek .
Feathers are not heavy .
A stereo does not make light .
There is no such state in Mexico .
There aren t huge planes in the garage .
people use water not mud to make tea
There s usually nothing else in the stone let alone a fox
Network security defends against hackers .
since men are born equal they get the right to protest demonstration . not an opposition .
Cups are not weapons and cannot fight .
The bus driver can t steer the bus from the back .
TEETH CAN T GROW FEET
People don t live that long
Boats is much bigger than the post office .
BLENDER IS NOT GOOD FOR MANTLE
You can t drink something solid like strawberries .
The dog cannot fly .
Cat s do not play with mice they are food .
chairs would not keep you dry from the rain
chocolate doesn t cry
No one put food in the wardrobe
Vegetarians do not eat meat .
Advertisement informs people about new products rather than news and events .
A dog cannot walk into the sky .
Milk comes from animals not a plant .
A dentist does not provide food to satisfy hunger .
The trash can is bigger than garbage bag which is in possible to filled by garbage bag .
We live in a society of gender equality so girls also have the rights to receive education .
People need plenty of sleep to re energize .
Skiing is done in mountains not at an office
Being asleep is the opposite of being awake .
Stealing is always a harmful activity .
If the sun is hot then you are hot .
Getting boiling water on you would be painful and dangerous .
A plastic bag will not absorb the water necessary to wash a face .
Milk contains a lot of protein which is good for height growth .
Things are typed onto paper .
The drivers are striking so there would be no one to drive .
school does not teach drinking
Turning off the water doesn t save money on phone bills .
Invest in stock is not necessary for retire .
Fish do not fly in the sky as they cannot fly or breathe in oxygen .
COW NEVER WENT INTO THE DOG HOUSE
Walking does not save time
You would break a monitor if you climbed on it .
CHALK USED FOR WRITE IN BOARD
blocks are non living thing
You cannot play chess in a stone .
bear s don t live in the water you cant follow tracks in the water
people do not wear car
Monsters do not exist
Redlight does not require to pass the cars .
mouse is used to point
Dogs can are not biologically equipped to crow .
Hats will not protect the rider in a crash .
A shark cannot talk
Sea water is not used for cooking .
the ink does not have a pen
The cabinet is not a bedding will not appear in the bed
Flowers are not viewed as animals since they do not interact with the world in the way other animals do .
SECURITY GUARD IS NOT A MONITOR TO WATCH
You watch a movie not read it
the zoo is a place not an object that can be sat on
magic is a trick
You can t drink pudding .
A car much bigger than on the grill .
ATMs don t contain soda
Dinner is eaten in the evening not the morning .
A shirt is not a weapon and can not be used to threaten someone with .
passengers should fasten seat belts instead of chairs when a plane takes off or lands .
Tornado weather is dangerous
There is no path for sugar to make it into the ocean .
Plants do not speak
A cinema is a place people watch movies at .
Mineral water contains minerals .
planet is bigger than human so human cannot pick a planet up
Five players aren t enough to form a soccer team
DOG CAN NOT PREPARE FOOD
soap belongs into the bathroom
Keyboards do not have a camera .
A rock is not a good gift to give to somebody .
Hands aren t used for walking .
You can t use a blender as money .
Dead people cannot be generated
Lava is intensely hot and dangerous and the boy would sizzle immediately .
A fish tank is not the place to keep a dog .
No one uses comb to record on television .
Lamps don t require sleep to be able to function .
Horses are much bigger than people and thus would crush them .
Human cannot be given to someone .
Enemies are not happy when you are happy .
Being homeless is an unpleasant state that most would prefer to avoid .
iron pencil is very heavy to hold
Youtube has no interest in people who make rockets .
Water is colorless
If you experience a fracture avoid the gym as it will make things worse .
Unicorn s are fictional creatures and are not real
A stone is not a hollow object to collect honey .
Tires cannot be drunk .
Lawyers practice law .
Eating mirrors would mean eating glass which would kill you .
Water resource is limited in the desert so not many plants and trees can take root and survive .
plastic is not an eatable item
The picture does not have eyes .
All the animals are scared of them so they will not grasp .
Petrol would ignite the fire .
men doesn t bite animals
SLEEPING IS FOR REST NOT FOR SEX
RAT DOESN T EAT CAT
It s not possible to recycle nuts .
THE GIRL SLEEPING ON BED NOT SPOON
Sofas cannot be worn because they are not clothing .
A driver cannot drive a broken car .
We don t walk lions .
Cities do not usually have a lot of open or wooded space so wildlife does not have places to live in a city .
Eating more doesn t fix being overweight .
Coca Cola has sugar .
The bedroom is a place for rest not for cooking .
SHOWS NEVER SHOWS TIME
You cannot test on a body that would be murder
Having butterflies in the stomach wouldn t make anyone hungry .
Space is not a place where one can breathe much less live .
Principals do not see to homework .
Rocket base can t be used to hold a wedding
A rubik s cube needs to be physically restored .
people can die from drinking bleach
Monkey can not float in the sky
A car is much bigger than a backpack
A boat is in water and does not appear on land for nothing
Bricks can t be used to make calls .
Bullies are mean to people and torment them .
keyboard used for typing when we type the word sound should be click
Children are too young to bungee jump .
Cars are not silly
Eyes cannot be dyed only have contacts placed on them .
Planes are too large to fit in a standard room .
A vegetable doesn t eat .
WORMS IS NOT A BREAKFAST
You can t set a cup on a tree .
Dogs do not know how to garden .
Porsche 911 is very expensive
An elephant and a nightingale are two different species .
Happiness does not come from a negative attitude .
A lawyer does not treat sickness
Human beings have no wings .
Cats and dogs are two different kinds of animals .
The mouse is used for clicking and has no input function .
Cars emit carbon dioxide which causes climate change . Causing more frequent natural disasters .
Students make the maximum percentage of population in school .
bacon are meats that have been cooked .
People frequently visit family .
tables are furniture
Stocks are not sold at the farmers market .
diseases bring on pain and agony
Programmers have not learned how to develop drugs .
A fan is used to cool a room so won t be turned on if the room is already cold .
Students are not allowed to sing in library they just read write and learn .
Recycling centers do not sell food .
You can t hear what you find in newspapers
Pets do not have responsibilities .
you use water for other things
If the subway was late the staff would be late .
Bags are incapable of purchasing things and people cannot be purchased anyway .
Fire can make clothes burn
Wood is an insulator .
Rest helps muscles relax .
Boats go in the water while cars do not .
bauxite has a alumina
Car runs on road with help of diesel petrol .
a doctor does not fix computers
Pamela cannot drove in the border
The minute hand is shorter then the hour hand .
Chickens are much smaller than tigers and the tigers would be eating the chickens .
Coffee contains caffeine which keeps people awake
Trees are inanimate things and do not perform actions .
Flutes cannot be used to draw .
A license is not required in order to ride a bike .
Cat busicuits are food for cats
Earphones are used by people to listen to music .
Car can not be driven under water .
Cup is a device that cannot be used in the interview .
Apple is thing which cannot be used to cut the rope .
A library is not the place to find a rollercoaster .
coale is a person s name .
If you strap a hat on your feet you will step on it and ruin it .
An iron is used to iron clothes not cook .
We say good morning at dawn .
butcher s shop does not sell books
Vending machines cannot wash clothes
Pineapples do not move .
The library is not the place to sing and can t make any noise .
house can t be feed
you don t have games in the music club
Using violence is against the law
Only bathing can make you clean
pool is not for walking
Attendance awards are given to those who show up on time .
Ordinary people can t fly spaceships .
Thinking can make you more logical and smarter .
Deaf people can t hear voices .
swimming is a sport but not a way to enjoy art
Lamps are not food .
Ants are too small to move bricks
a lion cannot be used as a cover
water may repair engine
Branches cannot be used to write .
A cow cannot climb a trea .
You can cycle in England but you cannot trip in a cycle .
If you cook too much there is none left .
people do not swim in a hospital .
Trees cannot be present in the sun as it is a burning ball of fire .
The county of France doesn t exist in South America .
Obese children may get high blood pressure if they increase their junk food intake
Dogs do not have hands
The bacteria is not a society to be spread on the piece of bread .
The television format is 16 9 which is not a square
The sun is way too hot to travel to .
Cooking is done in a kitchen .
milk is not a substance one can play
It is impossible to run even for one planet .
You can t drink a solid .
schoolbag is carried on the back
boats only work in water i .e . in a river
Green is yellow and blue .
there isn t a watch with head .
Tractor trailers are too large to be in a bouquet .
Computers are manmade .
Most bees create beehives to live in and only a few burrow into the soil .
Detergent is used to clean tableware
A dog can not fly
A desk is a piece of furniture .
Bike is not a human being to play with
There is not enough room underground to fly an airplane
A puddle does not make your pants fall off
Car needs to be on the road
Water flows in rivers
The eyes do not connect to the digestive tract
Speed limitation is for constraining the vehicles speed
Water is a non combustible substance
Cakes cannot be happy
Stones and sand are not food cats eat mice and cat food .
A carrot can be sliced up quite easily
Silver cannot be used as a thermometer .
Wine has no relation whatsoever with milk in terms of composition .
education is never lifelong and is not considered a problem
Rocks are not edible items .
A vote cannot be consumed and it cannot cure any illness .
The sad mood that the crying brings to people
Bar of gold will not look like white .
Greenhouse is not a place to purchase the favorite pants .
Lions would not survive the weather of Antarctica
Most people do not eat the apple cores although science recently said that is where 90 of the healthy bacteria is .
If she doesn t have any snakes she can t kiss them .
Puppets don t supply the oxygen needed to breathe underwater
Flying insects are not food for humans .
Eating some meat will make you more thirsty
Swimming is too engaing to read as well .
Microscopes allow people to see close objects
AIRLINER IS NOT A BUYING THING
a table is an inanimate object
The sun only shines during the day .
Man has breathed is space already .
An MP3 is not TV .
The tigers gave birth to tigers instead of cats
shoes are needed to walk outside
Opposites have to be diametrically opposed .
Cows can only produce milk but not honey .
Spoon cannot illuminate places
Chalk is inert mineral .
boys are referred as he .
Perfume if for wearing .
Student use the cheat sheet to write things that benefit their exams
Fire cannot be used to built houses .
The coat can keep warm and will not be worn when it is hot .
people cannot put a towel on the sun now
clear days have an absence of clouds
Survivin an explosion is lucky
Lotion is inanimate and cannot act upon your brother .
Leaves does not fall from fence branches during autumn .
The baby would suffocate in the fridge .
there is not leaves on sculpture
Pudding does not conduct electricity
The President is typically a serious professional .
we close our eyes so we can sleep
No one should be stung by a bee on purpose .
The computer is not edible .
Policemen arrest thieves so they don t steal valuable paintings .
Dinosaurs no longer exist if they did they would not fit in a dog kennel regardless .
Lettuce is very healthy
You do not wear bathing suits in the winter to keep warm you wear a hat .
Helping the other team by scoring for them is rarely a happy event .
There are websites other than Amazon where you can find nice clothes .
honey dosent power cars
The English exam must be answered in English
A credit card wallet is small and A4 paper is larger thinner and not used to carry credit cards .
Its very unlikely to loose your skin during bath .
Cells phones are not for eating .
A car is too heavy to hold and wouldn t help you balance .
People mop the floor with rags .
fish live only in water
Looms are not devices .
the pitcher threw knife to the catcher .
The house is not inside the furniture .
Birds can t swim they fly .
Cows does not have baby .
A bear wouldnt fit in a cupboard .
An elephant will not fit in a microwave .
A person cannot fit into a fridge .
Trees do not cry as they do not have tear ducts .
Dinosaurs have been extinct for thousands of years .
The sun comes out in the daytime .
healthy patients do not need care
Poalr bears are real they live in the arctic .
A swimming pool cannot fit in a car as it is too big
Traditional Christmas food is usually ham turkey and vegetables .
You need a bouncing objet for playing basketball and a rock does not bounce
He doesn t invite people he hates to dinner .
Books are not edible
You cannot eat Silver .
contest cannot be read .
Dinosaurs do not exist in present day .
It s impossible for many ordinary people to raise an elephant .
Red blood cells are in the blood it cannot have hair .
A book contains a lot of information at once .
Daytime is when people are awake
Monkey eats bananas but tigers are carnivorous animals
Freshwater is not salty .
Dog cannot be put by her .
Snakes lack wings .
You do not have drink alocoholic beverages to quench your thirst .
Cans are inedible and cannot eaten by cows .
A rope cannot do anything on its own .
Pigs cannot fly .
Ice is not a liquid and cannot be consumed by drinking
guniea pigs cant survive in the fridge .
A 8 year old can not buy a packet of cigarettes because its against the law
APARTMENT WAS NOT HUMAN
Medicines taste unpleasant .
a radio program does not need a cook
There are many important inventions in human society
A dog cannot be used to watch advertisements .
water cannot kill germs
Only water can t provide energy it has to go under several reactions to produce energy .
mouse is a input device
Computer is use as calculating machine it does not fly .
There are types of parties but operas are not generally regarded as a party
Pigs and other animals do not attend school or classes .
A kitchen is a room in a house and therefore can t be read .
A book is not an eating utensil .
Cactus has no mouth to drink water
If something is shared it is generally open and provides lots of exposure .
A mouse is not used for blowing the nose .
Dust can be found everywhere
Iron blocks do not protect the head
Zebras do not play baseball and are not related to the sport
Bike wheels are not food
One person cannot also be three people .
To turn out the light you hit the light switch
A guitar cannot be used for room cleaning .
a cat is much larger than a pencil case and wouldn t fit
time has nothing to do with unlocking a phone
People are very slow when jogging
Sweating is the bodies natural reaction to heat .
Water is ineffective at removing carbon pencil marks .
Babies are too young to use weapons
An ostrich is a flightless bird .
A city is a place and can t be moved .
people were born without wings so people cannot fly
A sink is not used to cook food .
Horses cannot be milked .
Air isn t something you can paint
It would be too difficult to craft a lock and all its mechanisms out of diamond and impractical if trying to prevent theft .
Taking a shower does not fill one s stomach .
A local restaurant has nothing to do with registration for moving somewhere else .
Running in water is difficult .
A baby is a person that was just born recently .
Myopia glasses would not protect the eyes from sun
NANCY USED A FOOD CONTAINER TO CARRY LUNCH TO HER COMPANY
Non motorized lanes is a place where people cannot run .
A short circuit occurs when a live plug is exposed to water
hats do not belong on your feet
Diamonds are made of the hardest substance in the world
Stars and planets are not on the earth .
THE BUS HAS FOUR WHEELS
The first thing you do when you teach other people is telling
It is not decent to shake a woman s mandible .
The oven is used to bake things not as an alarm clock
The local fair is a small story and only important to people who live nearby
cold medicine is to be swallowed and does not clean
A dog can t cook as they are to small and don t understand how to cook
Average life of humans is limited to near about 80 120 .
Teachers shouldn t stand on desks .
Men are called males
Parents punish their kids only when they behave badly or commit serious mistakes .
a smartphone can fit many applications
Giraffes are land animals and do not swim in oceans
Storms can be dangerous
Silver can t display temperature .
you can t grow things on the sky
Coffee is a drink rather than a food .
Poor people cannot buy anything easily let alone a big house .
Sunny days does not have rainbow .
computers can t make a cake
The dog is a warm blooded animal with body temperature
A chair cant point at something neither has the common sense to warn about something .
Giraffes cannot live in a food .
Humans are too large to ride beavers .
The sun is much larger then any ocean .
The sun is too far away to reach too large to run around and too hot to even get close to without evaporating .
there aren t seven sides to a dice
Children grow taller when they grow up
A boss will be angry when an employee is late for work .
A hotel is unlikely to be a doctor s workplace .
Bottles are too small to fry vegetables .
Earrings which are only decoration are not necessary for going outside .
Heart attacks are not that common in Japan .
We should eat at the table .
Water usually does not hold up while money is tangible .
a table is not a musical instrument it cannot be played
The lion does not pet deers .
Bacteria does not have skin .
Nuclear explosions destroy everything .
A bike is ridden not driven
insects cannot make milk
Chili is a food and not a person that can be sexy .
Cow live on farms .
Cloud floats in the sky .
munchkins aren t real
If you turn off the VCR the show will not be taped .
no one is born on his 10th birthday
The sun only appears in day not night .
Dinner is eaten at night
A feather is not used as a key .
Food is not kept fresh in ovens
You don t return books in a bathroom .
Junk food has ingredients that are not healthy
Nose is a part of body and not a monetary thing
buying insurance can protect from air crash not ipad
A mouse is not usually considered to be beneficial .
People don t eat paper .
Bananas cannot call people
Blue bananas do not exist .
Boys should not smoke .
Watching your hand will not keep you from falling .
A desert has no water .
Pumpkins do not grow on trees .
Parties will not help you get good grades .
We don t say good evening in the morning .
Doctors have no judicial authority .
The Earth rotates around the sun .
Planes can only be parked at airports .
Playing basketball for a full game is tiring .
Skyscrapers are buildings and oceans cannot be in buildings .
If you are loud when someone is asleep you will wake them up .
It is dangerous to dance on tables .
Bee stings are painful and dangerous
if you lose your brain you will no longer live
You do not have the tools to cook in the bedroom .
People ride horses and horses are too big to ride on people .
Second hand smoke is categorically not good for one s health .
balloons cannot emit light
A person cannot drive a cat .
A blender is too small to take a bath in .
hardware stores are too big to eat
The sun does not revolve around the earth the earth revolves around the sun .
Theaters do not sell vegetables .
humans are primates
its not necessary that mustard must go on sandwiches
Glasses are used to improve eyesight .
Dogs can t drive .
kerosene is a oil
Elephants do not have long necks in nature
Man cannot low their temperature and heart rates .
Billy Joel is not the strongest man alive .
Air is gaseous not solid .
badminton is a sport
Steering cannot refill the vehicle .
A house is too big for a trash bin .
each animal has one couple of biological parents .
If you are nearsighted you should wear glasses .
Tigers are dangerous .
Air is not alive and cannot be drowned .
no one can get the box on the moon easily now
water guns wouldn t stop a criminal
Can t tell time by a roof .
A clean table doesn t need wiping .
A stove is used for cooking not watching programmes
Surgery is developing better and better thanks to the research of human
Detergent is too harsh for face
A tie belongs on the neck .
Irresponsible teachers don t care too much about their students .
you get taller not shorter when growing
retire not need to invest
I don t like pork it s against my religion to consume any pig based products .
A potato will not clean your ears .
You cannot print a laptop .
Pudding is not a beverage .
bologna is not a liquid
cats do not eat bones and instead discard carcasses
Lion isn t type of meat people it or put in the sandwich .
Newer shirts do not have big hole
A bottle does not consist of s needle .
Giraffes do not park .
When playing baseball the ball is hit with a bat not a broom .
People will not play music they don t like for too many times
Laughing is a sign of joy therefore if somebody is sad he would not laugh .
KIDS LOVE ONLY GAME NOT PICNIC
The defendant is not the one who does the sentencing .
If you try to enter the metro when the door is closing you may get hurt however quick you are .
Sports cars have tires designed for roads and typically cannot be attached to a railway .
When people help you you are grateful .
Buses usually cannot cross the Atlantic
Computers should not be exposed to water .
A does not fit in his coat pocket .
hanger is not a part of humans bodies .
A dog is not a machine to turn on nor does it cool you off .
12345 are numbers not letters
Monkey does not know to take photo because it is animal .
If the stool is high enough anyone should be able to reach the table
detergent has injurious chemical for face
Car is a road transport it can not be parked in the airport runway .
Thoughts are not tangible objects and therefore cannot be seen .
Soda can not be put in the tank of a car .
owls are nocturnal
Not charging your mobile phone only affects battery life .
A house is too large to eat usually unless it is made out of gingerbread .
Students should not be going to the police station everyday .
charging cables cant play music
Helping students should be praised by teachers .
Weight is not determined in inches .
you can t make pots out of sand
The bike does not have the aerodynamic structure to fly .
Bed sheets provide warmth and water would only counter act that .
A spider is miniscule in comparison to a xbox 360 controller
the rain wet the room through the open window
Restaurants do not treat the injured .
books can t be digested
Paper is not edible .
Irons don t clean things
Whales are too big
deaf is not a blind to see
it is impossible to design a pictures with earphone
televisions are too large to fit in a person s mouth
Polar bears are usually alone .
Fortnite is a game and not a state
NO CAN EAT STONE AS THEIR FOOD .
because football isn t played inside a restaurant
If we swim with garbage in it then we will get skin allergies
A refrigerator uses electricity
A cement column is too strong to break .
You can t brush your teeth with a knife because it s sharp
Vacations can only happen in real places not people .
A wall cannot be a person .
Trees are not edible
Paper is not sharp enough
skate is not used for playing basketball
More time working means less time away from the family .
The Martian air is low in oxygen
Paper is used for writing and printing .
The stud earring would fall off of her wrist .
People can t eat rocks .
Love is a symbol of hope
Spatulas are cooking utensils not food .
Cat is an animal and cannot drive
you cant kill a snake with a leaf the snake would kill you .
bacteria doesn t have ears
Potala Palace is not famous in xinjiang . It is famous in Tibet
NO ONE PREFER TO EAT AT LIBRARY
Bad grades are a form of punishment for unpreparedness .
Pigs only move on land .
Netball is a sport game and Minecraft is a computer game that is not about sports .
Saving a person is a heroic deed and not a crime .
The seven colors of the rainbow are red orange yellow green blue blue and purple
A cat does not function like a key .
A monkey is not something that can be gamled with or thrown away .
Choosing to act when you lack ability such as to swim is foolish and not brave .
no creatures can be alive in front of the sun
Very few men wear skirts .
Home is not a place where you go to study .
The face is not dishes
Beef has lots of protein which helps build muscles .
House is heavy .
High temperatures do not cause things to freeze .
You don t eat with your feet .
there is no horse lives on the moon .
A moose is a very heavy animal .
You do not get paid to sleep
You don t want to leave happy places .
The smelly atmosphere of a bathroom and the limited space would prevent it from being a good place to have a party .
Sand is not edible .
mobile phone is not a place to go
The skin is a part of the human body and cannot be washed away .
The preparation of porridge requires heat and a fridge is cold .
People only eat food .
Eyebrows are not decorated with lipsticks .
Salt dehydrates you .
no one plays basketball by feet
a calendar does not function to communicate
Playing games doesn t hydrate us
A frisbee is a toy .
Iron man has always been a man
The salt is salty but not sweet
A bag is a place to store home work .
Husbands are not given as lottery prizes
Sharks live in the ocean and can t survive in a forest .
A swimsuit is worn in the summer time
GUNPOWDER DOESN T HAVE A WICK
platypus can not speak
black is not a word to describe one s lifestyle but green is
Car cannot float on water
One person would have no one else to talk to and so could not have a conversation .
bears were never historically used as modes of transportation
Dinosaurs are much to big for the park .
It is not necessary to peel the apple when eating them
Getting to Jupiter would be quite hard to get to .
Television is not a sport .
People do not live to be 200 years old .
no book is made of glass
Finding a substitute planet is a very difficult proposition requiring many very specific conditions to be met to sustain life .
Only flame can come through a Flamethrower
Cat s can not fly .
Putting wood in your eyes would be very dangerous .
A fridge is used to make things cold .
A knife is to cut things .
If you dream of something it doesn t automatically come true .
The keyboard is for typing and the screen for showing what was the keyboard .
Monkeys are not intelligent enough to cook .
Stove produce heat
Carbon dioxide is poisonous to people .
taller people typically require more calories so eating less would not be beneficial
rock paper scissors is a game of more than one people .
Vomit is not fire .
A rock will not bounce
Blood is a finite resource using it all results in death .
cat is a living being
people who fall into boiling water can feel pain and even life threatening
cats live in animal shelters not homeless shelters .
The eagle flies in the sky .
A businessman works in an office .
No one can eat a dress
Ice can t form on hot cement .
stepping into a puddle makes your shoes dirty
The earth is a planet .
Tomorrow is an abstract general concept and cannot be put in anything such as a water bottle .
Cats don t eat apples .
The earth will attract everything because of the law of gravity
Opening the curtains would allow more sunlight in .
colours can not do activity .
Stealing is an illegal act
whales are too big to carry .
You cannot fasten a seat chair
Antarctica is cold
You want to avoid getting dirty after bathing and mud is dirty
Lawyers deal with legal matter
Computers are inorganic and do not have hearts .
fishermen are catching fish
When you look in mirror you see yourself .
The purpose of paper is for writing not human consumption .
Cheers are used to toast any kind of drink .
outdoor sunlight will raise the temperature inside the house
The water from the shower cannot be sticky .
You need to be naked to take a proper bath .
Windows are for viewing outside
A car engine cannot run on honey .
A zebra can not dance .
Pork grease makes objects dirtier not cleaner
It is the duty of the police to keep the bad people in prison .
Nails will hurt if you drink them
The United states is far from the U .K .
Hot coffee has caffeine which wakes you up .
bologna is not a liquid
Hot water isn t used to tolerate spicy foods .
A person cannot wear food as an item of clothing .
Spectacles do not port music .
Spiders are not affected by mosquito coils .
Burritos are a Spanish food .
Old people don t develop naturally red hair .
A supermarket is not a common place to celebrate a birthday
Moving sidewalks don t store water and you can t swim
A house is much bigger than a oven .
a bike cannot chase a ball
COW LEGS IS NOT GOOD FOR COOKING
tight shoes hurt feet
Food does not get you drunk .
No human being lives on the moon .
The ass is not the expected place for human hair to grow .
Chairs are unable to walk .
A spoon cannot be used to brush ones teeth .
A person can not fly because human wings have not been invented .
Lice cannot be hunt
The earth is not the largest planet in the solar system as there are many planets that are larger than the earth .
dishwashers liquid is harmful to human s skin
A cheat sheet will not have that much space to draw all the Japanese comics .
Tiger cannot used as a play thing by a child .
dogs don t have hands to play basketball
Music cannot hear .
You can t eat a bed .
Cats are typically averse to water and don t swim at all .
Tabletops do not play movies .
You can t eat food with a comb it s not a utensil .
Fan do not fit in bottles .
no one owns an army
Youtube is a website where people watch videos but not play games
Deaf people can feel the vibrations from the music
burger is not a living thing
It s too cold in a fridge to spend time there .
A car can be driven and a sock can be worn .
A contract cannot be hired it is given to someone who is hired .
The broom was used to sweep a floor .
A clown is not something that can be worn on someones s head .
Winter follows autumn .
When a person is born it always is a memorable day and cannot be the same as every other day .
Chopsticks cannot be pinned to the hair .
It s not fun to break utensils and have to replace them .
stove doesn t store anything
japan is not even a large country
If your phone is broken it makes more sense to buy a new phone than a new bike .
Paper cannot be produced from glass as glass is not as flexible .
A pizza parlor is not the place where cars get washed .
A charging cable is used to charge our phones .
A is not a programming language
Ice water is cold
One cannot breathe after death .
You cannot give something that has been destroyed
Applying for a job requires information about your skills and experience .
Unless you are a bug or animal you wouldn t likely eat them .
Furniture can not own a house
Halal canteens don t serve pork
The word cold is never used to refer to something that is hot they are antonyms .
A table and chairs are both larger than a chicken .
bathroom for take a bath
Cheetah do not live in the water
knife is a weapon not a offering one for guests
A chair lacks the aerodynamic features required for flight .
soybean cannot help people wash clothes
monday does not indicate any special occasion
If you go during a stop sign you might get ran over .
Sharks can t live out of water .
HUNTER MEANS HUNTING ANIMAL OR BIRD
AN HAIR CARE ARTICLE IS ABOUT HAIR CARE AND HAIR CARE PRODUCTS ONLY .
Fire alarms are triggered by smoke or fire not by vomit .
Pool can not provide buoyancy
winter is too cold for flowers
barber cannot cure pets
Snakes do not live in the ses .
The ocean is too dangerous
doctors like computers
Communication through the Internet is not the only way for people to communicate with each other .
no one can walk at the boundary the Milky Way
HORSE NOT IN BLUE COLOR
Beaches level of height is zero whereas mountains will always be higher
Humans can t survive without proper food .
a stone don t have life .
The noon sky would only have the sun out .
Dogs enjoy bones .
Ants are too small to ride .
Water doesn t hold tracks .
Plants have chloroplasts that cats don t
Horses do not have tires .
teacher can write with the pencil not on a pencil .
Spoon is very small cutlery which is difficult to stir the dishes
Cold coffee doesn t burn human skin .
Calipers don t measure height .
ACTOR ACT IN THE FILM NOT IN LAVA LAMP
Butter is a food and not a means of transportation .
people enter the room from door not window
watering the driveway is pointless .
stomach is not in mouth .
Television has no eyes like humans
You cannot eat glass .
A car cannot be eaten
Fire would destroy clothing .
audiences only listen to the play
rain would get in through the window
Birds do not have the ability to learn to read .
While exercise is healthy it can be overdone .
Air has no mobility .
Bathroom is the not the right place to have the books
Doorknobs cannot be eaten by people .
Missing one s wife does not cause one to be late .
A tv is for watching movies it does not go on your feet .
A rabbit is too small to hunt a deer
its shameful matter
No one can save the dead .
Cars do not use air as fuel .
The stove is not for calls
there are no red dolphins
Honey will not fuel the engine of a car
The sun does not speak .
A son is an offspring of a father which requires the father to exist first .
Humans cannot fly .
Human bones contain marrow and humans cannot fly
People don t rub trash on their face .
you cannot take animals to the theatre
People are supposed to hand in the paper after finishing that
People peel bananas when they eat them .
The sun has a surface temperature of 5 778 K . Therefore the sun cannot be cold
a lion is a big cat
Sara cannot drink petrol
Books are not edible
mountains are too big to lift
Fuel is a liquid which cannot be used to make cars .
Cupboards are used for dishes not clothes .
A megacity is not a reading material .
washing powder has no medical effect
People wrap their arms around another person when they hug them .
Zebras do not hunt lions .
Guitars have to be played with fingers that can string them .
Bees can fly into a garden .
One cannot buy houses in a grocery store .
dogs like eating meats
Handbag is a fixed with minimal stretchable object but gas can be fill only in flexible object .
People do not have wings .
The content of a bad book can t give us a good message to improve ourselves .
The work of a doctor is to cure pain .
A person s mind is not usually refined by seeing something dirty .
A handbag cannot contain the pressure of a pressurized gas
people do not use garlic to make coffee
Humans cannot give birth to other animals .
It cost money to fuel the train and pay the driver .
a battery give energy to vechile
Stones are often hauled by trucks .
tennis can be played only with a tennis ball
You cut a pie .
Oak trees don t have gills
Corn cannot grow in water .
Flowers are plants not animals .
axe is used to cut wood
Meat is the preferred food to dogs because they are carnivores and it has all their nutritional needs .
Smells cannot be replied .
Sugar always have sweet taste
A camera does not helps to smashing the screen of the cell phones .
So far only governments have taken people to space .
fixing a rocket ship is a work of scientist but not Accountants
Speaking a native language is a comforting feeling for people .
Coffee contains caffeine which is a stimulant .
The seawater contains a lot of salt .
there are no white grapes
If the chair is stolen he cannot return it to the store
A kitchen knife can t be used for writing .
dogs prefer not to eat vegetables
A fork does not have sharp blades
The elephant is bigger than the mouse
Giant microscope can t built in the beach .
Bicycles do not require gas to function .
It is one of the top disease state causes .
Sea anemones cannot live on fish skin .
You do not wash a glass when there is liquid in it .
Rain is wet .
Ten plus six is 16 not ten
The sun makes you warmer not colder
Paper is to thin to make a coat out of . It would evaporate in the rain .
No goldfish can swim into the deep sea .
Seawater contains a lot of salt but does not contain sugar
A car is too heavy to throw .
Cookies don t quench thirst
A tree is planted in the ground .
Sand can not be drunk
no one has ten toes on one foot
It is not typical to get milk from a dog .
Ruler is a thing that cannot used to cut the turkey .
Cocoa is made from cocoa beans .
Plants don t eat people .
Cats can t fly .
you cannot cook in the sink
Cats aren t allowed in boxing rings boxing rings are not sleeping quarters
A car is not edible and is too large to be put into a dumpling .
Corn doesn t grow in water
if we are in a lack of salary then we cannot have a loyalty
Police officers don t do housework .
A fish can swim only
cell phones are not from nature
There are many species of land animals much larger than rats .
on the contrary ice creams are cold
crying is not typically a response when laughing
A restaurant can t run without profit .
People are free to decide whether to go to college or not
The butcher sells meat not haircuts .
Architects design buildings not custodians .
Story can not be sung
Doctor can not be cooking in the clinic .
the library is a place where people read and study and parties are not allowed in it
Fish are caught on rods
earphones are use to listen songs
You can t consume liquids with a fork .
Rat poison would kill you so it cannot be eaten
An ear phone will not help you be on time for your office meeting
People can still step on grass to enter the house .
Food is eaten .
all the policemen work in the police station
Swords are large and cumbersome and cannot fire at range
Mothers are generally very loving towards their children .
tires don t fit in a cup
A bill is not used to pay for lunch .
Jewelry is valuable because of diamonds and gold
He would sink if he tried to walk on water .
Obtaining an academic certificate is not a mandatory prerequisite to being allowed to ride trains .
The time does not unlock a phone .
Lion living on land
You usually wear a coat when it s cold and wear shorts and a t shirt when it s hot .
Young adults are stronger than old people so they are less vulnerable to the flu .
Iron does not contain juice .
People cannot walk on the moon .
A radio is sound it cannot cause movement .
Shirt does not threaten .
Harry Potter is a magic novel
A police station is not en educational institution .
computers are not careers
PIZZA IS USED FOR EAT NOT FOR DRINK
tree is too big to be contained in a bad .
The vet treat animals but not people
I do not have a stinger .
victory makes people feel proud
Banana peels is not a form of currency .
you can find giraffes in the safari
salt is oposite of sweet
the restroom is a place for using the bathroom .
GIRAFFE IS BIGGER THEN A PURSE SO IT S NOT POSSIBLE
People can only swim through liquids .
summertime is typically vacation time for school
A house can t be carried .
As humans we don t live in the ocean .
Dog cannot put in the jar .
Sand can t be made into coffee .
They will choke on a biscuit if they eat it while thirsty
Jeff could not buy a star
Sun is not a place to go .
A tractor is too heavy to lift with its hands .
Intestines are inside your body and you cannot put a ring on them .
Fathers sire their sons .
cotton is not eatable thing
Basketball is played on a hard wood floor .
Security personnel will make you move your car to avoid the airplanes if you try to park on a runway .
Doors are made of wood a material that a sewing machine cannot utilize .
A kilo is the same wight no matter what object is being weighed .
Deer do not fly .
A zebra is too big to go on a washing machine .
Roast beef is a main course dish .
police office is not a place to bought milk
An elephant is to big to fit in a fridge .
Petals are not harmful a rose has thorns though that are .
An octopus has one brain .
Dog only smells and licks cards
The smaller earth goes around the much larger sun .
Loaves of bread do not speak and have no way of communicating the correct way to do something .
NO ONE ATE WHEN FEEL NAUSEOUS
Dogs don t go to the cinema
Sunny days air humidity is too low
hawaii is not the state of atlanta
The tree is attached to the ground
You can not scrub a cactus without getting pricked .
Fossil is not live human .
All monkeys are primates and all primates have eyes .
Consuming breakfast requires time which is not available when one is late for work .f
Class is mot a place where people enjoy loud music and alcohol .
A patient does not treat sick people .
You can dance like a dodo bird not with one .
clock rings and clothes do not ring
Submarines can t travel to space .
an aircraft is too large to land on a desk
water is not a connective substance
The sun is too hot and too far away to get to .
CHAIR IS NOT A DOG
You don t wash your legs after eating food .
A person cannot tell you they were killed in a car crash .
Dressing sloppily is not a sign of respect .
A dentist checks teeth
Playing music by loudspeakers during work time is disturbing
Music through her watch cannot be listened .
Shirt cannot be turn on .
A computer could never fit into any ordinarily sized pocket .
Starbucks does not produce movies .
The first thing you do when to see movie is to buy popcorn
drinking oil has no effect on relieving fatigue after exercise
You need to use your fingers to control a VCR .
A studio is not able to move .
parents are always vexed to see their children get low marks
A father is not something that can be handed over .
In traffice jam meeting cant take earlier because no one come in correct time .
To lose we don t conquer your opponent .
You cannot taste music
Seawater is salt water and will kill you if you drink too much of it .
no one can live in the temperature of 200degrees Celsius
Cleaning a monitor does cause pain to fingers .
We can t cook food in sea water because it is salty .
Sewage isn t edible
Rotten food isn t fresh but gone off so it can t smell nice .
Sharks are only found in the ocean .
Lifetime is really longer than a moment
You can t take a curb from it s spot .
The spring comes before the summer
Lions are already in the zoo .
Bicycles don t run on gas .
people do not give gifts every monday
alcohol makes you drunk
An office is an inanimate object .
You can t dye your eyes a different color .
Children are not a predator .
Iron isn t transparent
Boats cannot float on air .
Inanimate objects cannot be pickled
Bread is a food item not intended to paint with that doesn t give off any color .
Monitors are not generally used for climbing and may crush under the weight of a human .
Cars have no cleaning properties .
bathroom is not a place for swim
A table is not ment to be sat on only chairs .
A medical shop sells medical equipment not food .
Microscopes allow one to see tiny objects .
Mats are usually made of cloth not iron
Rocks don t lay eggs
Bathing makes you clean .
The moon is not a destination everyday people can visit
5 minutes is too short of time to climb a mountain .
Children would die or get lost if they were alone there .
Water can t be used for barbecue
Animals should not be put in the fridge .
apple cannot fit into pen
A bowl will not shelter someone from the rain .
Space has less gravity .
Brother is a male sibling and daughter is a female sibling .
Kitchen cannot eat him for breakfast .
Rainwater cannot be sent digitally .
Pens are not kept in books .
Dogs are usually not allowed at school
Dogs lack opposable thumbs and the cognition to play mobile phone games .
Going on foot does not cost anything .
war doesn t show love
The moon isn t a planet of the sun . .
Frozen foods can be very irritating to the stomach
The sun rises in the morning and the moon sets at night so one watches the sun rise in the morning not the moon .
baseballs are made of synthetic materials and not stone
Her shirt was much larger than a thimble .
People like earning more money
A door lock is not built to be opened with a foot
A glass is too small to jump into .
Floating is a comfortable position and need not be afraid of it
Science overwhelmingly shows sexual orientation originating from many inherent biological and neurological factors .
WOMB IS NOT GOOD FOR MARRIAGE
A boxer needs to punch in a boxing match to score points and win . A referee makes them punch .
Carbon is an element but not the kind of radioactive
People wear shoes to protect their feet from the outdoors the shoes would be put on before .
Houses don t have wheels or engines .
The mall cant not find anyone
A cat laying eggs must not be a cat after all
Chair cannot be made with eatable objects such as bread and mauonnaise
People cannot eat rocks .
Police stations are headquarters for law enforcement and don t put on stage productions .
people do not do experiments in the library
deserts do not contain excessive amounts of water
People alter the law when necessary .
Human body have bones and can not be spongy .
Mountains are meant to seen or visited and cannot be read
Coffee is drinkable and a glass is an object that cannot be consumed .
A fish has no legs to walk .
Nothing goes faster than light .
Plastic not a eatable things for humans
Wardrobe is not a place to put the food .
Garbage bags are usually placed in trash cans not the other way round
Matchstick can be used to lit the fire .
Dogs don t have hands to hold a basketball .
No aliens are found yet
You don t need an umbrella if it rarely rains
You are not allowed to drive a lawn mower on the highway .
People are awake during the day time .
San Francisco is one of the developed cities in the United States
Children are not presents .
A thunderstorm is not a human to be sexy .
Piano keys are used to play music but not type and the keyboard is used for typing
Fire is an oxidation reaction which gives off heat .
Nose has no optic nerve .
The shoes are not on the hands
People swim in swimming pools .
Coke harms a human body but can not threaten it s existence .
A car is too big to hang on a wall .
Clothes aren t living things and don t breath .
Humans can not yet live in space .
Swimming requires the use of water and cinema s are created for viewing movies so one cannot swim in a cinema .
Two pints of poison would most likely kill a person .
the tigers never eat grass
A mother cannot be younger than her daughter .
Privacy is needed when changing clothes .
BASKETBALL COURT IS FOR PLAYING ONLY NOT FOR SWIMMING
The plane is too big
Coffee has caffeine that keeps you awake
You would walk across the street because it is such a short distance .
There are trillions more stars than moons .
the teacher is too big to fit in a backpack
It is impossible to answer this without knowing where these places are and I thought the "validation and explaination " was not supposed to include specific places .
Machines may stop working if we tamper with it .
Wine does not contain water and will not quench your thirst
Forests are made up of and defined by trees not weeds .
A car can not fit in a kitcken sink .
Eyes can only see things not eat things .
the brakes in cars are on the pavement under the steering
Old land line phones don t operate other electronics .
Molecule is not a place to sit .
You write with your hands not with your feet .
The CPU doesn t show video .
Snow scrapers remove snow from cars .
Live radio programs don t have cooks .
A television is too big to be put on a finger .
Cats do not eat bones .
Air is sufficient on the earth and there won t be a shortage of air in any area .
A rock is not edible .
A Tv is a telecommunication medium used for transmitting moving images and sound .
fish have no ability to talk
Shoes do not belong on the ceiling .
Hammers are not sharp and cannot cut .
Cooks are not teachers so they don t do lessons .
Kittens do not come out of dogs .
Socks are designed and sold to people for feet not ears
there s no cat like eating stones and sands
Clouds are made of water vapor and cannot be made of cloth .
dolphins do not have nails to cut
Fiber optics is not used in the body .
Sexy is not for inanimate objects .
There isn t milky tea in the ancient China .
Walls are solid .
Songs does not available in a paper .
Grocery stores only sell food and household items .
Crocodile is an oviparous animal
Police stations do not sell milk .
It is not possible to do buses they are a mode of transportation .
Feeling is a sensation attributed to living things and a machine isn t living .
Pavement is for pedestrians .
pen is not an automobile
lamp has no legs
Care is not provided at a park .
The river being composed of water will not burn .
Playing games and not studying could make you fail a final exam .
Babies does not have claws but nails .
Rabbits live in the wild
Idaho is not a popular tourist destination
library only has a books
horses are born not built as they are animals not man made
A fridge can t go on a date
A ten to block is too heavy for only one person to pull .
Dolphins are mammals but do not live on land
breaking the back door is not helpful to find someone
The ground doesn t reflect starlight .
there s no air in space
Eating more causes you to gain weight .
A plastic bag does not contain nutrition and is harmful to eat .
cinema does not sell knife
planet bigger than bedroom
Mushrooms don t make people stick to things .
Elephants normally aren t stored in pools .
Plastic is not edible like food .
Dogs are terrestrial and are therefore not in the ocean .
The mall has stores at which to buy things . .
Friends do not hate each other .
Hospitals are for curing diseases instead of having meals
Fire does not use water as fuel to grow .
All rare words are not found in newspapers .
Corn does not grow with too much water .
the zone is not a real place
a mouse is an animal
Game handles can not play any sound
Restaurants sell food not pants .
it is only when one person has a good feeling that he is willing to continue to get along with another person
Chairs are used for sitting and since they are not alive they do not require water to continue existing .
Washing machine is used for washing clothes not for riding
A comb has no ability to make recordings and is used to style hair .
stone is not a living thing to laid
Mice run away from Cats and do not hunt them
Pigeons can t breathe underwater .
There is no animal called peach .
Tables don t make wood .
You can t physically eat 2000 bowls of rice .
People can t just go on the moon so they can t gamble there
newspaper is made from paper .
The sun is too far to get anywhere near enough to throw a ball at .
Lying is not a sport .
Snakes are dangerous animals and they bite .
There are people who are missing an arm .
Mercury is the planet that is closest to the sun so it can not be the third planet in the solar system .
Boats float on top of water .
Elephants are not carnivores .
People will be angry if someone deleted their important file
green lights are symbols for "go " in the western world
They would likely hurt themselves if they threw a knife back and forth .
lions eat meat
A giraffe is too big to fix into a taxi
You cannot usually open a door with a pen .
Juice makers are used for making fruit juices
Pterodactyl cannot start and drove away .
feet can not speak anything
Mosquitoes feed on people and animals .
The soldier s task is to destroy the enemy .
The world is very big and there is so much to explore . Therefore it cannot be small
stealing techniques do not work on your body
Eating money is difficult as coins are too hard to chew .
Eighty seconds is not a long period of time .
Eating cannot is good exercise .
Losing a bet will not earn you anything .
Stones do not provide nutrition
Shells are too hard to chew and swallow .
Lucky has been mispelled .
Apple is sweet in taste .
Barbers do not perform surgery
You can t wear clothes for sunbathing
Leopards can t fit in a can .
A rug is something you put on the floor and would not be appropriate on top of a hat .
If you take off your clothes you re even colder
people put books on the shelf instead of dogs
Toll booths do not sell food .
Gas is poisonous if consumed .
The atomic mass of iron is larger than that of aluminum
Because truck is too big than motorbike .
Boiling water will burn you .
Hammers are for nailing things down
A child will call only her brother as "Bro "
cocks don t lay eggs
You cannot knit a food item
A bus is much bigger than a boy .
Kangaroos are from Austrlia and not typical to the United States except for zoos .
Rubber can t leave a mark on paper .
You don t dream when you re awake .
Washing machines are used for washing clothes
planes can t fly on land
Flour is not cosmetic and cannot be used on the face
A pie does not belong in a bathtub
A car can t fly .
Turning on the TV would create more noise .
A table is a solid object with no electronic parts capable of updating .
Playing doesn t help in passing examinations
Crocodile are animal and don t eat with utensils
If production was destroyed there would be no customers .
Boat s are too large to mail at the post office .
Hairdressers don t deal with cavities or teeth .
Normally vegetables have a low calory count .
An elephant is to big to be a treat and is not edible .
a star is too large to be in a hole .
relative may be not lives near you
Shoes aren t bought to be put on display .
Reactor is too hot too dangerous as well as too expensive for boiling hotpot
the fridge does not have pedals for acceleration and deceleration
The sky will not turn green anytime
suit is not for sale in a hardware store
egret can live in river
Dogs cannot play golf
the police officers job is not to do the housework
Stoves are hot so the water would boil not freeze
Dragons are imaginary creatures .
a sponge is soft and a cleaning item .
Laundry detergent is specially used for laundry .
A cook s primary job is to make food and not drive .
Water bottle is not a day of the week .
Humans cannot eat cars .
Hands don t appear in the sky .
Courier s deliver goods to the homes of others .
Lightning brightens the atmosphere .
A fighter plane is small and used by the military .
A volcanoe is too hot to be born in
Usually people don t drink bleach it s certainly not advised to do so
You don t walk into a room through a window .
Water is naturally cold and cannot help to keep warm .
Man has only two arms so he cannot have many .
Chocolate is toxic to dogs .
Take cold medicine if you have a cold .
bath oil are for bathing not eating
Traffic rules are meant to be followed .
Ants can carry 1000 times their weight but they aren t able to lift more than a piece of a plant .
MOON HASN T LIVING CONDITION
A knife can t cut a diamond .
Stars can not be chopped down
Sailboats are found in the water not the sky .
A bike is not an animal
If I like my Father I would not be happy when he passed awat .
The liver is an internal organ that can t be seen through a body .
A cat is alive .
Cigarettes may cause diseases like cancer .
St Augustine lived a few centuries ago .
Usually we call people logger who cuts trees for different purpose
Dinner would be eaten from a plate not a dustbin .
spoon is an utensil and does not treat disease
parents are always happy to see their children to be admitted by outstanding university
Rocks cannot ate .
Elephants are mammals not insects
Football players use a football in a game to protect and throw kick it for scoring but not to play with it with their hands .
A credit card wallet s width and height is smaller than an A4 paper s
apple is not a bicycle
wine does not have milk in it
THE GROUND DOES NOT FELL FROM TREE
Milk powder is a thing which cannot used to brush the teeth .
People use cars to drive .
Dogs can t reading .
The universe is boundless and has no surface to speak of
Animals are not present in a gym .
A tabletop is not a screen it cannot emit any visuals .
winds don t have much to do with humidity of the tropical rainforest
shared accommodation has limits
close can t be bought .
You can t walk on a lake because you will sink .
cookies aren t alive
A fridge is not an instrument .
a pig can not fly in the sky
There will not be enough time to check all the grades .
there are books in library not guns
Riding a bike makes more sense than tying it .
There is nothing to buy at the park .
Chicken can t swim
Cream does not contain substances that protect against ultraviolet rays .
Cinema is a busy public place it will look very awkard to wear bikni .
Metal plating belongs to a computer .
dolphins live in the ocean
A hunter cannot give birth to a rabbit because it is a animal .
Seabirds live on the beach .
A man would be crazy to want to bite a dog .
A toothbrush is for brushing teeth .
Nobody would hug a crocodile .
The sun rises from the east not west
Skates are not used on a basketball court .
SCISSORS ARE USED FOR SEW NUT CUT
Homeless people do not have much money .
Cars cannot be used to take people to Pluto .
Short sleeves are thinner and cooler than jackets
An apple is a fruit .
Teachers deserve your respect .
Phones don t work in water
People don t eat dirt because it tastes bad .
dogs are usually forbidden from office building
Stone does not grow flowers .
the smoke alarm rang because smoke was detected
A dog can be trained but not prepared .
Beverages are liquid and bread is not
no one owns an army
Years of clinical research have shown smoking to be patently unhealthy .
computers are taking all places
Contact lenses are difficult to find when dropped .
Fog reduces visibility
It is too hot to snow in summer
People can t write anything on the sky
AN ENEMY DOESN T CARES ABOUT YOU
mountains cannot be sold .
Blinking doesn t keep people alive
Patient is a person not to treat people who are ill .
Dentists specialise in teeth not hands
A refrigerator is incapable of sending email messages .
A person s face cannot turn blue due to anger .
no one can eat cement at all
A cap does not offer real protection for the head .
A clean table does not need to be wiped .
Water is not effective for painting .
babysistters take care of children
Breakfast is taken in the morning
The hour hand is the shortest in the clock
You can t make butter out of rice .
A lion is a savanna cat from Africa .
the viruses can cause many kind of illness
Criminals go to jail
A fish does not belong in a toaster
You do you put animals in the dishwasher .
Fans do not emit light
Cat can eat mice
Hairs are inanimate .
because air conditioners are used to cool air not freeze items
Silt is fine sand soil or mud which is carried along by a river so it cannot be used as a seasoning .
staples are for staplers
Ice cubes can t heat
A knife is not a child s toy
Horses do not live in ponds .
When male dragonflies meet the opposite sex they change their way of flying and grab each other s head with their claws to make a courtship .
he is much bigger than a cat
Flashman is not a a character in the Marvel universe .
Turkeys are not extinct .
McDonalds serves hamburgers they do not cut hair .
no music box can sleep
You cannot get music out of the piano by hitting it .
Books are read not tasted so it makes no sense to talk about the taste of a book .
There are no aliens on earth
Dishwasher frees us from washing dishes by hands
bathing suit is the correct dress in a swimming pool
Stick has no adsorption function .
A dog s tail is always too thin and linear to spread .
Smoke is bad for health
it makes more sense to place a child in a seat rather than a pudding .
The bowl can only be used as a tool for eating
A guinea pig is too small to ride on
Dinner is being served at the evening .
Dog cannot be a cat .
Popcorn is not necessary to get into a movie theater .
human can survive without coke
Only people can play volleyball .
sandwiches don t have ink to write anything .
Laughter is not a typical response to being afraid
The washing machine has no blowing hardware
It is not possible to go on water .
Hamsters eat grass not cats .
Extension cords are not food and should not be eaten as a rule .
Cinemas cannot act as a entity to remember dead people
rainy road slippery not suitable for exercise
Blow bubbles cannot be used to mineral water .
the moon comes out in the evening
sand would hurt your eye
People at first look at the menu to decide what to order
You can t mount ants .
the bicycles use human s power not electric power
A dog is an animal and not a vehicle .
Teachers are not dental professionals
The gymnasium has no instruments to treat fractures .
Crocodiles have no blood sucking function
It is too cold on the North Pole for lions to survive .
Light and smoke are two different things .
Whales do not live in the desert .
tears come from eyes not ears
The engine of cars will stall underwater .
The old saying is money can t buy happiness .
crocodiles can t fly
wood is a material
table made of wood only
Wires are connected through connectors
Bonfires can make people feel hotter in summer
A human has not stings
Bridges can t go over the sky .
Airplanes need gasoline to power them
business card is not a banking card
No one pays a the bill with water water is not a form of payment .
You do not boil a pie You bake one .
sunscreen is for protecting the skin .
Custodians do not design buildings they clean them
Toasters don t need to be walked .
there are thousands of cities in the USA
A monkey is an animal not sports equipment .
Fridge is much bugger than a purse
fire isn t a toy .
boats are designed to travel on water
An elephant is to heavy for a cupboard .
Bowing is a basic etiquette in Japan not high fiving
A wallet is not a vehicle .
Clothes can not be rung to give off a sound .
Cats have feet not wings therefore cannot fly .
you cannot zap a car
Traffic Jams make travel take longer not faster
People see with their eyes not their mouth .
airplane can fly in sky not underground
courtyard is mostly in front of a bulding
Snacks will dirty the washing machine .
A shopping mall is too noisy and crowded to use to study .
Knives are metal
I do not fit inside a cactus .
Pencils write with lead and therefore do not need ink .
Gyms don t usually sell clothing .
Riding a motorcycle is not a formal event .
A toothbrush is not an object you can draw a picture with
NO ONE WEAR ONESIE
A stone is not a human organ because the stone is not capable of doing anything .
Money is not everything and for example it cannot solve the death problem .
Friends are people who you know well and like so you tend to feel relaxed among them .
There is no one to work for in a bathroom .
Stones are not reflective .
Iron does not appear while eating cookie .
forks are not sharp
Blankets should stay whole .
Stone is heavier than water and would sink if made into a boat .
usually a penniless person can t buy anything
HUMAN IS NOT A OBJECT TO THROW
You cannot play video games while asleep .
Dogs do not play golf .
It is common to bring gifts to a party not animals .
Branches can t write a message .
Mars has no police
the fridge is used to frozen but not to hang clothes
Rainbows are not made from sand .
molten iron does not create bubbles
There are no train tracks in space .
There is not enough spaces between planets for the sun to rotate around Earth
Plates cannot catch fish
"Charging " a thing is not inherently known to make it small .
Rocks are not meant to eaten but some times used for construction after crushing
Stepping into a puddle will get your shoes wet and muddy .
Mayonnaise is a condiment for sandwiches .
Cafeteria s serve food .
The table can t play music
Leather shoes are for dress and athletic shoes are for running so it would most likely not be possible to run in leather shoes .
Monkeys cannot fly .
Dog can t get on rockets .
A deli only sells food
Smog is not a pleasurable thing to look at .
Charging lets things powerful rather than small
Stones is a thing which cannot be planted in a water .
Hills cannot be moved
Cold coffee can t burn your tongue
If the music is loud you should turn the volume down .
There is only one mouth in people s head .
An iceberg cannot fit into a laundry machine .
Walking two meters is a very short distance .
This area cannot be covered in macaroni .
Having big bananas is not a direct result of studying hard .
Planes don t have the technology to fly into space .
Hippos do not roam free in cities .
Gravity is a force and can not be measured by size .
He does not watch TV the test was tomorrow .
Sugar must come in contact with the teeth to give you cavities .
A horse does not hiss
Ice is a solid and not a liquid .
7a .m is in the morning so it s not time for lunch .
The spirit is not a phrase .
Pork is one of the most eaten meats
A laundromat does not have the equipment to show movies .
david fred and paul are masculine names
When you attend a banquet you often where formal wear .
Gravity would pull Jack down .
people don t eat rocks
Gloves don t belong in the oven
Winter is too cold for seeds to survive and grow .
Walls don t bounce .
Water on floors is generally not safe
Changing the constitution have to be approved by public in a state of law
Cats are too small to jump onto a skyscraper .
A bouncy ball will bounce .
You wouldn t be able to live if you had that many heads and arms
The melting point of iron is very high
bright rooms don t cause sleepiness
Wallets are not food .
teacher is only a profession not a teach
He uses a laptop at the office
Bullies are not nice to people so therefore they do not have good reputations .
Digital watches have screens without pointers or hands
stone is a hard thing
Fish only swims .
Fish can t live without water in the forest .
Injured leg can t play basketball
A bee is an insect .
The bullet is too fast
Many Americans like tofu
One can not use eyes to put on his her shoes .
The atmosphere is never consistent
Cat has nine lives
planes are made to fly in the sky
There are not that many Presidents out there .
proposals doesn t has tastes
Hospital is not a place to swim .
Adulthood comes after childhood .
Disasters make people sad and terrified
Turning on the light implies that light fills the house not darkness .
Shopping malls typically sell clothes and electronics rather than food .
Grass doesn t blossom .
You cannot eat a book .
Mice have milk but there is no way a person could milk them as they are too tiny .
You need to get off the battlefield quickly if you want to be safe .
DOCUMENTS IS NOT A SOCKS
There is no snow in summer to make snowballs .
Smoking cigarettes is harmful .
Watching TV didn t have a direct effect on the hands
Winning a bet means you get a positive not negative reward .
paint dissolves in water
There is no oxygen in space and hence man can t breathe in space .
Sandles are footwear that should not be eaten .
One can t just go to the moon at will .
Water can not be poured back from the sink .
Cars are driven on open roads .
television does not produce heat to cook food .
A knife is used for cutting and is not a reliable tool for measurement .
Mothers are not known for praising their son s when they steal .
People usually want to avoid war .
A car cannot drive in a pool .
A brush is not a planned event .
Moors are not found in cars
Dolphins live in the sea and therefore are not land mammals
sunrise will be turning light
Water would make tires heavy provide almost no suspension and probably burst as result .
You can not go inside a mirror it is one dimensional .
Dan parked his car in the street .
The train cabin is not enough for containing a car
A coffee would stain clothes not clean them .
The boss praises his employee for his excellent work rather than dismiss him .
People do not eat metal
My friend Peter speaks Italian and Greek .
The bed can t run away
peanut oil is not a drink .
Both lemon juice and vinegar are sour so adding vinegar will not make lemon juice less sour .
sandcastle is not for eating
Ants are too small to trip over .
North is opposite of South .
Plants are unable to make computers .
Movies are not consisted of chapters
short nails won t scratch people long nails will
Police station is not a place to sell things
toothbrush is used to to brush the teeth only
Eyes are used for vision
You can t put a ring on your intestine .
Talking to dogs doesn t move them great distances
pedestrian will get hurt if hit by a car
a cup cannot go in a table
The latest devices would replace old ones
No one eats rubies as fruit
The pet store does not sell kitchen appliances .
You wont become rich by begging
The universe is not limited .
cars do not fly
A loudspeaker is used to announce things or play music rather than talking .
one can drink water and cannot eat
Water does not belong in a pen
People who hate each other aren t friends .
Adults can pick up a foreign language .
Sunglasses can not keep out the sun rain but umbrellas can
You cannot plan an inanimate object .
An ice cream does not melt in cold temperature .
paper is not an edible item
Blankets don t contain electricity or leads and plugs .
we will cost energy when we in the gym so we won t be full .
People do not eat wooden chairs .
Hot water only makes people feel more spicy
water is not a currency
Ships do not have wheels .
People cannot swim inside corn .
Biryani is a typical Indian dish
A mountain is too big for a closet
Hiking in the wild usually does not see a supermarket
Toes are on your feet .
Noodles don t contain iron
Students cannot taught by the dogs .
It isn t a cleaner s job to know the price of products in the mall .
Mineral water is supposed to be clear and pure
People are made up of more than 80 water .
Submarines travel under water .
dim light is not suitable for reading
Driverless cars can free the driver s hands
Turkey cannot ate by the monkey .
Santa Claus brings gifts on Christmas not on any other holiday .
A zebra is a rather large animal that is not normally eaten .
The ball must be kicked with feet not with sticks
A human being cannot simply jump into space .
Winter is cold weather .
books are not sold in any farmers market .
Conditioner is not used to clean the hair .
google is related to internet
Our stomachs don t help us breathe that s what lungs do .
The frying pan is used for fry it is not a trash can .
Alcohol is the only thing you can get drunk from and by drinking it your brain becomes drunk .
All blood is considered essential so no one says they have spare blood .
heroin has great damages to our health
Amazon is an e commerce marketplace
Drinking wine can be harmful to your health .
Gravy does not flow through plumbing pipes .
Food goes in the fridge .
To color the picture we cannot use the bread .
Boats aren t animals and don t need to be walked .
Fortune is not a thing to be positioned .
HORSES IS NOT A FISH TO CATCH
Newton discovered gravity not light bulbs .
You feel very hot when you wear a coat .
a cinema does not have doctors and medical equipment
Pictures do not make sounds
it is illegal to let a baby drive a car is they are not capable of doing so
Fridge doesn t have a monitor or receiver to show movies .
Goldfish are fresh water fish .
The moon won t shine
A car cannot fit in an oven .
Telephones are not food .
bike cannot be taken across English channel boat can .
if rain reduces then umbrella sales would decrease
the deaf have trouble to hear so they are handicapped
octopus has only one brain
You buy apples at the grocery store not cars
Glass of wine cannot be ate by her for dinner .
Swords are too sharp and dangerous to use on a human body .
poison is injurios to health
You cannot fly on a bird .
Ships are boats which belong on water .
A house is to big to go up a nose .
teachers usually teach students knowledge
Contact lenses cannot be made from wood which is what match sticks are made of .
A dolphin cannot live in a barnyard
A basket ball game only requires a basketball net a court and a basketball .
Cars do not work in water
Crops are things that grow .
Fish do not exist in the sky .
Spider s have eight legs .
A tree is not a clothing item .
It is against the law to drive with a blood alcohol level above a specified amount which would make driving after drinking illegal .
apple skins can t be used to make juice
SPORTS IS NOT FOR INSIDE
Cats are predators and mice are prey
Speeding is against the law you wouldn t be rewarded for it .
Sand cannot be eaten .
Feathers would not stay together to make a table
A bookshelf won t fit in a normal trunk .
Autocratic is systematic
Typically people have holidays on christmas
Baby s throat can be hurt by chilies .
Dogs don t typically play volleyball .
There is no word in a cloud .
Dogs cannot be people .
A drum doesn t wear clothes .
It is illegal to purchase a child
Zombies are not real
Ice is cold and do not provide heat .
A blind person doesn t see gestures .
flowers don t need plastic to live
The stick is thick .
Radio does not have an Audio Visual Screen to watch .
Grocery shop does not sell a car .
The floor is not completely dry if there is a puddle on it
Pot is for cooking .
Grape picked cannot from a tree .
You cannot wear a car .
No man is able to give birth .
A restaurant does not have a tennis court .
Umbrella will keep you dry from the rain
Sharks do not appear on land or bedrooms .
Ant IQ is not enough to modify the composition
submarines can not operate outside of the water
A lake is much bigger than a bucket .
Humans cannot breathe underwater .
europe continent has cities
Bacon comes from pigs .
Pebbles are small stones which cannot be eaten
A person cannot walk into a normal closet because it is smaller than a walk in closet .
Knife can scratch the floor
weeding is used to remove unwanted plants weeds from a garden lawn or otherwise . It is considered work or labor and is not a traditional way of beginning a relationship in any religion culture or otherwise . At least not to my knowledge .
scalpel is use for operating not toothpicks .
tree don t move
ketchup is from tomatoes and tomatoes are red
lion is a animal
A refrigerator is for keeping the items cold
a cat is a pet while a rat is a pest
Library filled only by books dead pets can be placed to their corresponding places .
An iceberg would not fit in a laundry machine . Also there is no reason to put an iceberg in a laundry machine .
lions are carnivorous animals
bed is too small to play football
Seat chairs have already been fastened to the plane prior to takeoff and landing .
Turkeys can t fly
Planets are located in our solar system .
Phones are not alive they don t have cells .
A cake is edible while a car is something to be driven .
The oven is a kitchen appliance .
Tree is harder than tofu
Mud is not a drinkable item from mud we can make different crafts .
Eating a paper would not help pass a class .
a dog barks but does not crow
Because the funeral was for a clown .
iPad is a kind of electronic device but ancient people don t have electronic device
Cities are too big to fit inside a person s body .
Sulfuric acid is corrosive
Bikes don t transmit sound .
Deaf people can t hear .
Malls are stationary .
You cant eat a car .
Grocery store is a place to sell groceries food drinks and not for repairs
Diamonds are the hardest things on earth and they have low nutritional value .
You have to pay bills you owe money on not water them .
A driveway is a path from a road to a house .
It s not possible to eat 2000 bowls of rice in a single day .
fire can t exist in the water
shoes are for feet not heads
plant doesnot understand
Birds fly using their wings .
Postcards are not used in formal communications
Dinosaurs are extinct .
Ordinary clothes don t have the functions of radiation protection heat insulation and air insulation and can protect astronauts lives .
A cow is too big to sit on a chair
Firefighters cannot deal with medical emergencies
according to science sun always rises from east
rude trouble makers always get people mad
a restaurant doesn t have a shower and soap to take a bath
airplanes are long distance vehicles
Statues do not keep crowds back .
You can hydrate by drinking water
A mother would never let a crawfish eat her child .
You can t run the sky because you will go the sky use the space rocket .
baby couldn t go to any job
Malaysia is known for very hot and humid weather .
IT IS IN FACT VERY COLD IN THE DEEP OCEAN .
Hospitals don t offer hair treatments .
Sugar doesn t have the function of relieving people s fatigue .
Wine will penetrate the paper
Paper does not reflect .
The hairdresser washes hair not feet
A rocket is very big . It can not be carried from one place to another easily .
A watch does not have to go to the bathroom .
School bags can t cook things .
House cats are too small to ride .
Beer is liquid .
You do not throw away dishes if they are dirty .
The earth rotates from west to east
Usually you weep if you re sad .
Understanding an opponent is important to conquering him .
no one pours milk for plants
Rose petals are very soft and don t hurt people .
Malls are not usually a place to find lions .
Perfume is poisonous for health .
Rubber does not contain wood .
not sleeping enough can eventually cause psychosis
A table would break a beer bottle if put on it .
Some work is voluntary
A refrigerator freezer is for making ice cubes
a dress would fit just right but a chandelier would take up a lot of space .
The universe hasn t been fully discovered .
You cannot drive a cat .
One cannot throw buildings .
A horse is too large to fit in a fridge .
A typical kitchen does not have a place for resting .
is impossible to take a shower in the closet
A discotheque is not a place to bathe
Aardvarks are animals that do not live in shoes .
Stone is not a food item
Dogs do not keep pets .
Good grade in an exam will not make my parents sad .
The police are not able to treat sick people .
Ships are only used for transportation in water
Cows do not like to eat cans .
gate placed in outside of the home
Sharks live in the ocean .
a crawfish cant eat a human
A cupboard does not have the inside facing outwards it is closed .
table is made of wood not cloth .
No one use a plastic has a food
paper is not a container
The paper towel is not a dish .
People sleep everyday so there is no reason to get paid for it
An oven cannot fit into a car .
The woman can t drive in a lake .
YOU CAN EAT A MEAL WHEN YOU ARE HUNGRY .
Sugar is always sweet .
A cup would not fit in the toaster .
Usually the moon is not out at the same time as the sun .
One does not write with toes .
Tables do not have eyes .
Boats cannot traverse land .
A car would sink into the river .
A dog could not survive on the moon .
slapping a child wouldn t make them stop crying
no lemon tastes salty
Gloves are for hands .
Lions live in the Sahara
Restaurants don t have doctors or medical equipments to treat a sick person
Machines are not perfect and occasionally break down or stop performing .
being connected to wifi will help the upload
People do not eat metal .
T shirt is not suitable for a ball
Painting is not a form of exercise .
people cannot have lunch in the radio
passing his exam is good
A computer is made of electronic items not naturally occurring items
We have not established a moon colony yet .
the person who donate something always didn t get money
A book doesn t show time .
Athletic track is made for running
Hens don t crow
Fire will burn skin .
sunscreen protects the skin from sunburn to some extent
The moon is not suitable for human habitation .
germany is a country
Swimming and running are two different activities .
no music can destroy human s body
Paint cannot float on a wall
Pandas are endangered animals and not domesticated .
a whale is to heavy to throw over a house
Pavement is for people to walk not drive
Snakes are dangerous and should not be around children .
Snow is not black .
fish never walk
Kitchen fires are not often caused by cooking gourmet meals therefore cannot be the number one cause
Bitter melon is bitter .
Storks are birds
Chickens don t have buttons .
Turning on the radio cannot cause the car to turn over
Trees cannot jump .
It is not common to eat books .
Clothes don t normally get stored in a barn usually it s in the house .
League of Legends is not typically played on a mobile device .
People pass exams by studying .
One cannot enter a room if the door is closed unless one opens the door to provide entry into a room .
concrete is made with cement
DOG HAS ONLY LEGS NOT WHEELS
plants do not belong in internet bar
Basketball clases do not teach Mathematics .
Dad only has one pair of arms and legs and can only drive one car at a time .
there is no opposition between nervousness and death
You can t ride notebooks .
Planes are large sturdy creations not prone to squashing .
A teacher has knowledge they are teaching the student
Speaking does not involve movement .
You don t carry books in mugs
STEAMSHIP IS A SHIP
cakes are made for eating
A classroom is a public place not suitable for changing clothes .
you cannot win a sister
Drinking bottled water has nothing to do with air quality
A pen is used used for writing not cutting and the handle is filled with ink not a blade .
a ring doesn t affect your warmth so keeping it on or off isn t going to change things in a cold room
We kiss people we love .
Books are meant to be read
An axe is an object used for cutting wood and is not designed with an audio input .
Lake is a place where we cannot drive .
A table is too big to be kept on the beer bottle .
Wood is not the raw material for making bombs
Knives made of stone are not sharp
playing monkey will hurt them .
Turtles can last for hundreds of years
Blankets should not be cut apart .
Feet is a part of the body which does not need to eat .
Cars aren t organs .
Dog cannot used to cool off on a warm day .
Can not take a bird to a dance
tigers are carnivores
You cannot get drunk off of water .
Peeping does not done by the bottle .
iPads are modern devices
The desert is very arid and unsuitable for plant life .
there is no way to make noodles with cold water
Lights eliminate darkness .
flora is her niece not her granmother
milk comes from cows not the sky
One cannot go into an elephant .
Bullets are too fast to catch .
shoes go on your feet not head .
Jewish people don t feel blessed by the Nazi party
Kids don t drive and they don t have enough money for cars .
Beverages aren t served in lamps .
No apples are ever black
people are born not printed
the jeep was found lying in thick bush
He can t breathe underwater
frisbees are not edible
HE DOESNOT SUITABLE FOR DELIVERED A BABY GIRL
Vegetable are low in calories therefore they would help you be skinny .
The hot oil is so hot you ll burn yourself if you let it in
A house is too big to walk over
A foot is used to kick soccer balls not a hand .
Cars pollute the air
you have to travel thru space to get to a planet
CLOUDS ARE NOT A PLAYING THING
Ice cream is a cold dessert and can t be baked
The gravity of black holes is strong to such a degree that light cannot escape them and is not reflected .
Dinner is eaten during the night .
A policeman catches a robber .
a lion does not eat greens
A lot of apples are green .
People who are allergic to peanuts cannot eat peanuts .
A chandelier cannot be worn as a garment in a train .
An airport doesn t have trains
shoe wax is used to polish shoes
I swim in a pool .
The flesh of the apple is the part eaten not the core .
A large camel could not fit into a trunk .
There are very few lions in the city .
you can put on clothing but not a live animal
Nobody can travel by birds because they are not means of transportation .
water extinguishes fire
Cars can t fly
The snipers are always in the army while scientists do not .
Arizona is located in the United States .
Swimming suit is suitable for pool .
Leaves turn green in the summer .
Tigers can t fly
A car cannot fit into a standard microwave .
A house isn t a beverage .
stick is blunt .
People do not typically sleep in the morning
A person can not jump over an object as large as the moon .
drinking alcohol during exercise is unhealthy
In the world people who master foreign language are less than 50
Hands can t sing
Weddings happen only once in a life time .
Dogs cannot be ridden over .
People cannot eat elephant
a bill needs to be payed and does not have positive monetary value
Planes don t fly to bars .
Animals do not hang out in gyms .
Bakers utensils cannot be used to fix cars .
Face cream is for your face not to comb your hair .
Humans can t fly .
Arsenic is poisonous .
Vegetables do not eat anything they draw nutrients from the soil .
Socks do not protect from rain .
You wouldn t be on the moon to see a planet
Salmon is live in water it can not be sheered .
A hairdresser does not have the knowledge education or equipment to do a health check up on a dog .
People who are dull spend little time thinking .
A shirt is not for the foot .
Breathing takes place in the living so after death no breathing will take place .
Lions are not able to breathe water and prefer living on plains and savannas to living in water tanks .
Water does not affect air visibility . .
Jack s father is 60 years old now
Queen Elizabeth II is a woman .
Men can wear anything that they want whether acceptable or not if it can fit
Stones can break a washing machine
Helium is a different element than oxygen .
Soda is not a utensil used for drawing .
Hot pot is eaten with chopsticks because it is hot .
Middle school comes after elementary school .
The students have a curfew at night .
miecraft is a game it does not represent reality in any way
Parents always happy when their children win the first prize .
A wallet isn t a vehicle that can be driven .
Milk is a liquid not an musical instrument .
Gun is not a thing to play .
Body Lotion is used on the body .
Madurai does not have beach .
Snakes like catching mice
plane cannot able to swim
Spoons are metal which can t be cooked .
Turtles are too small and slow to be good for riding and they live near rivers or bodies of water .
fire is not eatable
houses are much bigger than people
A necklace is designed to be worn around the neck hence the name .
Tossed salads don t contain animals
A giraffe cannot fit into a car .
Hair loses color as we age so it turns white not red .
Sleeping isn t exercise
We typically submit to a more powerful being and so God is usually seen as more powerful than humans
Rabbits don t eat hair .
actualy an earth minute is 60 seconds long not a hour
Birds fly in the air and are quite small in size people are too large to sit on birds so people cannot travel by bird .
snake cannot jump in the waterfall
Mars is not suitable for human habitation and there is no city .
ballet class for learn dance
Mirrors are not edible
Dice are cubes .
PUPPY COULDN T PLANT
the earth is revolved by the gravitational pull of the sun
The clothes were already washed before they were removed from the dryer .
Blood of anyone would not help repair eyeglasses .
dinner is in the evening only .
English is the one of the most common languages so it should improve your chances
a microwave is not for communication but for heating up meals
Puppies have mamas who are dogs .
Most products does not have tax free .
Straw is in a drink bottle .
922 is not an emergency number
a basketball is not a gun
toy stores do not serve food
badminton is umbrella shaped
The dinosaurs are extinct .
RADIO STATION ONLY FOR MUSIC NOT FOR MOVIE
There are no bears in the sea
A jacket does not protect from bullets it is made of cloth not metal .
Leather shoes are not suitable for doing exercise but running shoes are suitable
Clouds don t revolve around the sky .
Some people simply can not afford higher rent
Chopsticks are tableware rather than learning utensils
a patrol is not located at hotels
Judges are impartial and do not scream for either team
Dogs don t wear eyeglasses .
Dogs to not walk people
People are too large to ride chihuahuas to school .
Coffee does not belong in the oven .
Monkeys do not know how to operate cameras .
Ants don t need exams
Painter is someone who paints and he cannot treat animals
sand is not an eatable item
You cannot make a planet with sticks
If something s too far walking is your least attractive option
Turkey are birds and produces no milk .
rainbow is not in only four kind of colors
Only food can solve famine problem directly
Cigarettes do not pack in bottles
Humans live on land .
Food is not sold at the hardware store .
Steak cannot be prepared properly in a bowl .
Hurricanes are storms and cannot be used to look up house prices .
There are no vultures without wings .
Nobody lives in a forest so its impossible to find buildings in forest
Eating hot pot would make you feel hot not cold .
People in wheels can t do steps .
There is no evidence shows that dogs are afraid of cats .
Dragons are not a creature that exists
A tree is too large to fit into a bag .
A horse is too much to eat even when hungry
The moon does not have water
CHINA S TERRITORY IS NOT LARGER THAN JAPAN S
A CAMEL IS NOT A FRUIT IT IS AN ANIMAL
Vinegar will make lemon juice more sour .
Mops do not take anything from the air .
You can not use anything you put in the garbage disposal ever again .
Plants only grown on earth not other planets .
A trumpet doesn t have strings to strum .
Turtles travel so slow and they cannot carry human
Running is not required to survive under most circumstances .
Only women can give birth .
You re only able to watch videos on YouTube .
Fire is not a liquid and would burn the cereal .
Hamsters do not have zippers they are small animals .
dogs walk on all fours men are bipedes
Book bags cannot be sharpened .
A shoe is not a place and you can not go to it .
no house will get dark when its light turned on
why would you want to punish yourself
Tractor Trailers are not collected into bouquets and are not common birthday gifts .
MOTORWAY IS NOT FOR BIKES
There cannot be any cars in the sky .
Watermelon do not grow in glaciers
Photos are present situation
The glove is to catch the ball after it is hit .
A car is much bigger than a backpack .
Daniela is a woman a person . A danish is a pastry
small cars use more gas .
Studios are not alive and can t visit .
After being sick most people don t go to eat .
Volcano is a place not to take bathe by the bird .
water does not kill germs
You watch TV and do not play it
Coffee helps you stay alert due to high caffeine content .
nice means it would be pleasant for them
Basketballs are not a vehicle .
A conductors job is to conduct a train safely .
Barbers are not qualified to care for ill turtles .
A bowling ball is too heavy to throw .
road is not a vehicle
people normally don t put their phones in shoes
Icing is not used in the basketball to bounce .
ocean is not a beach to drove
Five people cannot walk into a refrigerator because it s too small
Films are not screened in schools .
Sports requires exercise which tends to reduce one s weight .
A river can t flow against gravity up a mountain .
You do not go to bars to adjust a hygiene issue .
Taking a shower won t make you feel full
The moon is white
Basketballs can t be filled with icing .
When sleeping you should spread out the quilt instead of folding it up .
Stones are not capable of supporting video games
you would die if you ate electronics
Horses aren t able to bark like dogs .
Pillows are not eatable
Alcoholic beverages are illegal for teenagers
You should be happy to be admitted to a good university .
the train stops at the train station not the bus station
People cannot put things in watermelons
Rocks are not edible .
DRAGON IS NOT A JELLY
Dinosaurs are extinct .
No one lives in a fridge
human couldn t fly
water splashing festival is a dai festival .
Smoking can lead to cancer .
Soldiers fight for the country not educate .
Rolling in mud would make you dirty .
Stone will not melt .
A flying bike has not been invented .
the pedestrian walks on the sidewalk and the car on the road
Books can t be eaten .
A chicken is to small to run .
Blackboards are tools not people .
You do not know what your opponent is capable of .
The intestine is not in the spinal cord
A dog does not know how to email .
Goodbyes are when you leave someone
DOG IS NOT A CANDY
The chef should cook the chicken soup after the ingredients are in the pot .
if doing continuous work then automatically we exhaust
Cars cannot fly .
There cannot be light when the lights are broken
A fridge is used to store food and having a fridge doesn t mean you need to store for travel .
Paint is messy .
glass make a pain when chewed
Music is not something that can be touched so therefore can t be cooked
The sun is too far away to throw a ball into .
Cats eat fish and don t like living in water
A mirror does not contain any learning material .
Calling not possible in a bike
Houses do not move and drive
People should get rid of their clothes before showering
The effect of love isn t sadness .
Arizona is in North America
Cars do not have handlebars .
generally violations result in admonishment not rewards
Water does not need to be chewed .
The place is not in the country
Sofas are too heavy to wear .
there are no cars in a pizza parlor
A pool doesn t have medicine to fix the dog .
Vinegar is sour and would make coffee taste worse .
Soup is not a piece of clothing .
Bears fur is never pink no matter what they eat .
mountain is very large
moon has no air .
cats don t eat nails .
A piano has many more strings .
Pilots don t fly trains .
Quiet people should not be ejected from the cinema .
clouds are colourless
only a minority of people work at sunrise
no one can fly by a car
A smile cannot be bought because it is a thrill .
Now the dinosaurs are extinct
Carpets are laid on the floor .
newspaper will not work as movie admission
patients need medicine box
in a journey you are sightseeing .
It s not possible to swim in a skate park .
Horses don t live in ponds
Otters don t talk .
Candies does not use to tear the building by the engineers .
Horses are born not built .
People are grateful to those who help them
Cotton swabs are too dull and soft to sculpt anything .
GAME IS PLAYABLE
dinosaurs are extinct .
The cake is a kind of food not a drink
A teapot put over a head would most likely fall and break so one should not do that .
You can t eat a whiteboard .
you buy movie tickets at the theaters
the Bi in bicycle indicates it only has two wheels
Autocratic society only allows one view
WEAT SKATES DOESN T NEED FOR TENNIS
Dogs don t eat grass .
people will do awful things when they are impatient
Turning on the TV can bring more noise
Loneliness never give happiness
Meat is the flesh of animals and not a product of plants .
large houses are expensive
If someone crosses into a country illegally and becomes discovered it will cause a lot of legal trouble for that person .
A library is for books not dead pets .
You get in a bath tub to take a bath not go to work .
A giraffe is too large for a backpack .
The size of the glasses frame is too small to keep out the sun .
RESTAURANT IS NOT A HOSPITAL
Plastic is not food .
Being overfed gives on a belly ache .
Tigers do not eat bamboo .
Rabbits spraying venom is not a possibility
Zombies are not portrayed as desiring to be pet .
CHAIR STAND BY LEGS
An average person will dies after 3 days without water .
A normal human is born with two hands
It is rude to talk during a performance .
It is a wrong words in the border
your eyes must be open to watch
we cannot change our colour when passing a crossroads
Taking a shower can t make you full .
No one will like a dress looking ugly .
A boat can sink while a house cannot .
clothing stores don t sell knives
Ear phone can t wake people up
Apples do not float .
people can t connect others by sleeping
people wear shoes on their feet not hands
Burning trash can cause toxic fumes .
Planets are not stars and earth is a planet
Gold is an element all all elements preceded mankind .
Cats do not bark .
There is no sand at the opera .
Our eyes see ears hear .
bike doesn t understand another signal
The building is not alive
The moon is in outer space .
sky is not a place to stay
It would be counterproductive to put a flame in the refrigerator .
A car would not fit in a fridge .
You cannot sleep with your eyes open .
8 year olds are not ready to ride motorcycles .
Billy Joel is a singer not a strongman
Lions cannot be tame enough to ride on .
Blankets are used to cover people and keep them warm
The house is much bigger than the room .
squid cannot repair the broken car
Zebras have stripes .
Cell phones don t have an engine
you don t cook music you make music .
A giraffe is a wild animal that does not live in a house and is too large to fit in a wardrobe .
bike is too heavy to fly
Books are not edible
Babies don t have physical or cognitive skills to drive a car .
A fish can not travel across a field
Animals are not furniture .
Cans are not combustible
Wardrobes cannot be read
No one rides a basketball .
MICROSCOPE IS NOT A MICROPHONE
It takes years to learn classical music
You don t get healthy by flying daily or flying in general .
Pen is an object to write
When a person is not awkward people enjoy being with him .
You swim in a pool not a kitchen
You can not be in death and still breathing .
A car can t fit through any noral store s door .
My aunt says a bathing suit is required if you want to go in the swimming pool .
Ships glide through the ocean or river due to their size .
Elephants cannot fit into cans
Australia is in the southern hemisphere so when America is in wintertime Australia is in summertime unless it is South America .
People don t receive cards and flowers while they in at a store .
The sun makes things warm .
salamis has no relation to people
A table is a piece of furniture and cannot be driven .
Wood is flammable .
Cats do not feed on ocean lives
An insult is not a warm welcome
Most people do not own islands
The earth is larger than the moon so it s gravity influences the moon more .
Babies need food and warmth as well .
Milk doesn t fall from the sky when it rains .
A soap dish is for holding soap
Humans never hibernate .
The giraffe wouldn t fit .
You do not play sports with a telephone
Rocks cannot board and disembark on their own .
It s unsafe and inefficient to put notes on the leaf .
Cats are bigger than a can
Airports typically do not have DJs
You cannot get to Hawaii via train .
Medicine helps make people better .
Flytraps are very small compared to a tiger .
With the actually technology it s impossible reach the sun it s too hot !
Chicken does not give birth to a baby girl .
Giraffes are too large to be in houses .
dragons do not exists
Oceans are too big to be found in a whale .
you need to take a ship or plane to go to the U .S . from Australia
Planes don t fly out of supermarkets .
infants are not grown in soil
A pen is not a vehicle .
You cannot eat shampoo
The candy can t be salty
An ant is too small to wrap around a tree
Senators are politicians
Stones do not require refrigeration .
piano doesn t has video games
aspirin does not affect blood sugar
classical concert contain music only
Underwear has to be put on before pants .
People do not use food to hit golf balls .
Cicadas do not emit light .
Opening the windows would only let more noise come in
A restaurant does not have stealing .
People usually don t like holes in their shirts .
An elephant is an animal .
tree cannot be baked it will not fit in the oven
An elephant is not something you can eat .
sugar is not a part of book
fishes cannot breathe on ground
john is a very common name and most likely wouldn t be made fun of
We don t hunt in the water we fish in it .
People can see very little at night due to the structure of our eyes .
The primary use for brooms is sweeping not opening doors .
A University is meant to study and not for admitting the patients .
cook does not teach lessons .
Clouds are in the sky and cats are on the ground .
Vegetable oil would clog up the car s system .
Orange juice doesn t taste good on cereal .
Blood doesn t have sticking properties and so cannot be used to repair eyeglasses .
People would die if they stopped breathing .
Eyeballs cannot be short or curly .
You can not get close to the sun
Chopsticks can t see the scenery
human waste pollutes
The superbowl is not a place for monkeys
strawberries are red
We wear watch on wrist where as alarm clock can be hang on walls or can be put on tables .
You can not walk in the snow in roller skates .
The commander will not know how long will the war last before it ends
All leaves are not green . In the fall they are yellow orange and red
Apples do not move on their own .
BROCCOLI GROWS ON SEEDS NOT TREES
STONE IS NOT A BOOK
People do not love things that give them difficulty .
Hammers do not press nails in .
helmet is used while driving
Eating garbage is dangerous
Cars are for driving not cooking .
Space is a place where we cannot drove the car .
Peaches grow on peach trees
unicorns are mythological creatures and therefore no one is able to really ride one anywhere
People don t wear warm clothes when they re sunbathing .
AIRPORT IS NOT USED FOR PARKING CAR
eraser is used to erase writing
The fossil fuels cars use impact the environment
Smoking in the elevator is impolite and forbidden .
Birthday cakes are not required .
A mechanic is not a medical personnel and cannot give anyone an injection .
blind does not have a vision to read
playing on the highway is illegal
audiences are ususlly entertained to see someone play a harp .
Fruit can provide essential nutrients to our body
Red and yellow paint does not make green paint .
Metals are not edible
It is okay to first wash your body before washing your hair
His body cannot into the computer .
Plates are dishes which are cleaned by dishwashers while washing machines are for clothes .
PEBBLES IS USED FOR PLAYING PURPOSES
A well of water is too much for a human to drink .
A dog barks and not crow .
House is much bigger than the furniture .
A desert has no water so a fish could not swim there .
Snakes don t have feet .
This can t happen in a begining of a relationship because you need to do certain things first .
African American is a ethnicity not a color
Its impossible sleep on a fan
A car is too big to eat and it is not food .
Cola is ineffective at helping overcoming disasters .
We hold a wedding party only for those who are ready to get married .
PEN IS A WRITING OBJCET IT IS NOT A GIRL
Wooden chairs are not edible .
Book is a bunch of paper is not a food
It s not possible to talk without opening one s mouth .
Dinosaurs have been extinct for millions of years .
Bread does not contain water .
A pizza parlor wouldn t have workout equipment and sells fattening food .
Toasters are not sold in pet stores .
DOCTOR PLACE IS HOSPITAL
The stomach is not the last organ of the human body to store water
The marathon is a long distance running race
A circle has no corners .
Non living things cannot quarrel .
A motor vehicle doesn t need a car window .
right shoe does not fit on left foot
No one wants to eat a stone .
There are many commonly available devices and substances that can make fire .
A post office is not somewhere you can buy a hamburger .
A car can only hold up to seven or eight people depending on the car .
A car is motorized while a bike is not therefore it is faster and not slower than a bike .
steak is a part of cow it s not seafood
Many people do not like to play and they still live .
A library does not have a kitchen
Only books are available from library for rentals
Chairs are used for sitting not warning
The equator is very hot glaciers would melt there
stomach has nothing to do with breathing
Humans cannot walk on water .
Iron is a solid material and therefore it is too hard to be squeezed
milk does not go into shoes
we cant make coffee with tea bag
Charging cell phones won t help to add memory
He play the keyboard .
Cats are too small to ride .
Two thousand bowls of rice are too much for people to eat in one day
school is learning place
There are eight sides to an octagon
Cigarettes are not edible
You cannot digest staples .
Banks are where financial transactions take place not teaching .
Glasses and credit cards have nothing in common .
why is the plane is one of the most important .whats in it
Two is less than three .
A chair cannot sit on a man .
the bedroom can t hold an elephant
your nose belongs to you
drinking water is not the way to satiate the hunger .
Diamonds are very expensive
A light is never dark .
Corn does not grown on trees
A knife does not lock .
The ocean is made up of water water is wet .
If matters are irrelevant then they are not necessary for survival .
Monkeys don t smoke
Chips aren t dipped in sand to eat .
Phones are ruined by water .
Wood is a good building material but pine cones are not .
lose isn t a good present for people .
The sun is too hot to stand on .
Concrete is inorganic and cannot grow .
criminals usually been in hideout s in past .
no rat lives on the trees
Playing computer games for a long time can lead to poor eyesight
A napkin is a non living thing .
Humans have lived without smartphones for most of history .
Gold is precious ornament
It s impossible to predict how long a war will last
post office is not for crime
A nose cannot speak therefore it could not teach .
Eyes cannot chew food
A bed is an object specifically used for sleeping
It is not possible for a human being to eat an entire bicycle .
Relic is not a condiment .
People can t fly on condors .
Horses do not lay eggs .
Rubber aging occurs during use
toothpaste is not humans food
Be sick is harmful nobody envies this .
A harmonica is just a musical instrument .
you do not use a toothbrush to catch fish
The desert is very dry .
You can not zap for a car
Flights are cold due to the air conditioner .
The house can not sink .
Jello would gum up the engine .
you would not put a dog in a drawer
The rope had no helpful effect on the injured leg .
the hospital does not sell groceries thus he cannot go there to buy them
tibetan people do not celebrate water spalshing
you don t attched knifes to paper
Wine is never put in the oven .
the rubbish is rotten
No one buys gift for a funeral
Pli er s and screw do not match
Vegetables are not furniture .
The Alps are in Germany not China
A stethoscope doesn t have a needle
Usually aeropolane is used to travel in air
gun is not a place to sit consider to be a seat
A bed is not a wearable item .
Credit cards are not memorial
People cannot fly .
BRIDGES IS NOT A ELECTRIC OBJECT
Whales are not vehicles
It is hot in the sun
Munchkins are imaginary characters from Wizard of Oz and they do not exist .
Batman is not real .
Pacifists avoid violent fights .
Nuclear weapons are used only on cases of emergency .
sunscreen is needed on sunny days
Missing a flight woud not cause a traffic jam .
Self denial has more to do with inner turmoil and things a person is not willing to accept which leads to negative feelings .
A car is too heavy to put on your head .
Chilly powder does not taste sweet .
The noise would break your concentration .
Brushing your teeth less than daily causes poor dental health .
the desert is dry and whales need water to live
People say hello when they meet each other
Men do not marry elephants .
nose cannot keep people balance while walking so people use legs instead of nose to walk
The sun doesn t rise in the South .
meeting a Kangaroo is not something you can eat
Thunderstorms are unsexed .
It s impossible for someone to fly an airplane without limit .
Cat cannot be delivered from the woman .
You should not put milk in your shoes because it will make them wet and smelly .
dogs are usually kept on leashes
Dog is not born for chicken
People don t read mountains they usually read words .
Bananas don t need charging .
tigers are felines tortoises are not .
Stone is not smart enough
Most people watch musical opera at the theater
Putting clothes in a puddle would make them dirtier .
Cucumber don t perform .
No one wears baboons as clothes .
Fish cannot fly
Cars are too big to fit in a doghouse .
There is not enough room or wind to fly a kite in a bedroom
Watch is usually no variety but food as variety
people are not things to be bought
A lighter is much too small to defrost a chicken .
The road can only be used for walking .
Everyone has everyone s interests .
peonies are not traditionally a romantic flower to give people
pudding will slide off the car seat
Too much liquor can be very bad for your body .
Sad movies make people cry but funny movies are rare
There is not transportation yet to travel the universe .
a lion is much bigger in the bottle
You can only answer a phone when it rings .
A dog is an animal not a hotel .
hotel is an eating place
Ear phones prevent loud noises from being played and are therefore the least disturbing .
Cows cannot fly or have wings
Birds can not live under water .
saloon is a place for grooming
Starting into a computer screen for long periods of time causes eye strain .
Oranges cannot enjoy playing outside with friends .
a fruit store sells only fruits and not tools
Dolphins lives in water
lions are carnivores
A stove does not contain email .
We cannot wear socks on neck .
A daughter is female .
Mercury is closest to the sun throughout the solar system
Water turns to ice by lowered temperature not exposure to the sun .
A cake cannot bake and you do not bake people the chef is a person .
The second hand is always shorter than the hour hand .
traffic isn t caused by someone missing their flight
The children wont be happy when thet see a monster
a flower cannot be pricked
Dogs almost never have three eyes .
SEVEN QUARTERS IS EQUAL TO MORE THAN 1 WHOLE
stone cannot be eaten
Llamas are animals not lipstick .
You would need to leave the apartment building through the door to get to the zoo .
It makes people mad when someone jumps the queue and it is impolite to do so .
A bike is a form of transportation .
High heels are for girls but not boys usually .
Iron is a hard heavy metal that would not be comfortable to sleep on .
Old teachers are more aged and so have more experience than young teachers .
To iron something there must be heat where as ice is cold .
You may pay for the food in a restaurant but it is not a deposit .
Bananas grow in trees .
Rocks do not taste good and are not edible .
Octopi are not found when hunting .
Books are not conscious and can t read .
The average temperature in the winter is the lowest in the whole year
Gay marriage is legal and common in many countries .
garage is too small to contain a plane
Tears are not something fans of a player would want or even think of wanting .
Lightning can kill children .
Airport doesn t need DJ since they don t need loud music
The keyboard play with him .
Pans are not used to write .
Cars have rubber wheels and don t run on track
She can t put a note in the fridge for lunch since it is not edible .
Women usually wear skirts not men .
Bus does nt fly in air .
Rabbits are not aquatic animals and require air for survival .
the moon has no bookstores
A sword is narrow and isn t designed to stop rain from hitting humans .
Water would destroy the phone
People do not sing for battle .
Cancer is a disease of a human body and cant be a bridge
A car does not have rooms .
A fierce dog with no leash is a danger to people
One can t snowboard in the ocean .
clinic is for checking the sick people not for cooking
Harmful waste is not recyclable .
Dinosaurs are extinct
Alcoholic beverages such as wine are illegal and unethical to serve to anyone under 21 .
A TV set has no way of making clothes .
People ride on horses but not the other way around
Leopards have spots .
wounds are typically painful
A book shelf is not a means of communication .
Combs can be used to comb hair not to start a car .
He can not make apple of pies .
A criminal is not expected to be found at the opera .
Tricycles are too small slow and unsafe to be used on highways .
apartment does not have wheels to drove
people cannot put biscuit in their toes
A paperclip is not able to cut anything .
The person would not have an allergic reaction to meat
No one can eat uranium .
He drives his car a car cannot drive him somewhere
You cannot smoke an eggplant
Water is composed of oxygen
birds do not hibernate
Bars are usually quite loud .
Lightening cannot be played with it could kill you .
A giraffe is an animal not human .
Stars do not have water to make rain
Strawberries are not a liquid
s good habit is to work first and enjoy later
Vipers are poisonous to birds .
Ducks and chickens are two species
Stones are not the flowering type .
Bones are too hard for a person to eat .
teachers work in the school not hospital
Bananas can t like monkeys or baboons .
Dogs are a different species to cats
The train can t fly
Food is not allowed in most libraries .
Typhoon is a cyclone which blows away everything on it s which doesn t make it possible to play outside .
Spiders have eight legs .
You can t call a friend with a prayer .
reference isn t possessed by everyone .
A chair cannot cook a chicken .
It s not healthy to stay up all night .
PET DID NOT PLAY BASKETBALL .
One does not sit on a lamp .
Euthanansia cannot be done by the doctor .
The president is not listed in the phone book
Sticks would be ineffective for sewing
Little Caesars does not sell fried chicken .
you ll burn your gloves doing that
Elephants are not insects
You cannot walk through walls .
People can t eat on the ceiling because gravity would pull them down .
circle do not have corners
A baby cannot drive a car .
Tigers eat men they are not friendly
more sweets and snacks with higher calorie make people gain weight
Men don t birth babies .
Putting garbage into ones mouth would be highly unsanitary .
A chair is not food to be cooked
Alcohol is a depressant
A bottle is made of a material that is not edible .
The type of football referred to is plyed only with the feet and head .
the future is not predictable
leaves can be different colors
Buses cannot travel in space
A house stable is not a real thing and it is not in a manor house .
The human species usually sleep with their eyes closed .
plants can absorb solar energy not human being
No body wants hints that means nothing .
watermelons grow from soil in normal cases .
Mobile phones are not useless .
Tables cannot produce music
A newspaper is not required for admission to a movie .
When you are nearsighted you would see things very blurry without glasses
Swimming in the ocean is too dangerous for the boy .
People do not communicate with others in their sleep
Riding a bike does not require any sort of license anyone at any age can ride a bike without any prior requisites .
Carduelis is a bird .
A person can only climb a high fence .
Africans have dark skin
children s never get jailed because of their age
A piano is not an instrument played with by tongue .
A teacher s job is to teach and isn t to fix cars .
Bending to the prisoners as a conqueror seldom happens
Rabbits are small animals than lions .
There are no kittens on the sun .
my house is bigger than me
Food cannot sleep .
Detergent is used to wash clothing or dishes but it is not intended for washing hair .
Bed has no emotional so could not smile .
A singer is not a medical professional capable of assisting with headaches .
A car is too big to be washed in a bathtub
Snakes don t sing
Dogs cannot speak or answer .
ring is too large to be worn on hair
People do not take fridges on a date .
a fridge only makes you feel cold
there is no sense of putting ice to milk that is too iced .
lever is a part of a machine
Tornadoes can do harm to humans
A doctor is not trained to fix teeth .
A tableware is for having meals but a case is for decorate
Movies play on TV not on tabletops
The sun would make soda hot .
Water will short circuit the computer .
Your mouth cannot hear .
Leaves don t usually turn yellow til Autumn .
Ashtray is a place where we cannot put the sandwich .
people do not use eyes to sing
Fire is not a liquid .
The hospital is for getting better when you are sick not for withdrawing money .
zone is an uncertain place .
Football is a subject of competitive sports
Computers are not supposed to be cooked
To cut vegetables we need sharp thing like knife or scissor sticks are not sharp enough .
no octopus can live in the jungle
Aircraft don t land on highways in normal cases
Books are made from paper
hospital for take treatment
A cellphone is not an animal .
A cat does not eat horses .
You cant ride a penguin .
A driver cannot drive a broke down car
Printing and binding textbooks does not help the environment
Not all skyscrapers are pink .
Refrigerators are not used for any type of cooking .
Butcher shops don t sell books .
tv is not a chatting one
Wood is not made of tables it grows from trees .
Lucy is a name not a state of being
Dead fish are disgusting .
Airport is not a place to have the hardware store .
candle is not ice cream
Skis are not used for running .
Sitting down isn t enough exercise to be considered working out
car is not the appliance to cook with
Macaws are colorful birds who live in the jungle
A unicorn is too big to fit in a hole
Junk food has a lot of carcinogens .
Monkey s IQ is not enough to invent basketball
Skin is what is removed from a tomatoe so one skins not peels a tomato before eating .
Food can t eat anything .
Kimodo dragon s are larger than flowers .
Nothing grows on Mars .
Houses can not be built in the clouds because you need to build on ground .
Apples grow on trees but watermelons don t
A grocery store sells food and does not have dogs or astronauts .
Museum is not a place to buy lemons .
Dogs do not drive cars .
Prisoners cannot go to clouds as they are high up in the sky .
Chess is a game and is not edible .
The moon orbits around the earth not the other way around .
Water is the most present element in a body
Cloud is on the sky but people live on the earth
A case for glasses would not be ideal and probably too small to fit a bottle .
Miley Cyrus is a singer not an NBA player
it is impossible to eat people
A house is an object so it cannot enter anything especially a man .
A grenade does not need to be thrust inorder to explode
Green plants suck up water .
the fridge does not play music
You don t win competitions with sadness .
Spoons are inedible .
Tuna is a fish and not a day of the week .
You cannot be happy when you are afraid .
The sun rises in the East and sets in the West .
The sun is only out during the day .
improbable that someone would hit a baseball bat with another human
a stud earring is for your ear
Monkey can t drink wine .
Siblings marriage is considered immoral and illegal .
A car would sink in water .
Stethoscope is an instrument to measure heartbeat
Dumplings can be eaten any time
Humans do not hibernate .
Diseases means illness of a people
Museums are not stores to buy things
Water hydrates the body does not make it grow .
Dreaming of something does not make it happen .
totoya don t make refrigerators to sell them
Some buildings don t have windows
Stones can t catch fire .
no one is sentenced to death for drinking juice
ALCOHOL IS INJURIOUS TO OUR HEALTH
Plastic can t nourish a plant .
Buildings cannot be found in a forest
People do not eat porcupines .
You can put beans in a can without squashing them .
Extinct animals are not alive and therefore cannot be shown in zoos .
Betrayal is a bad thing .
You can t get ready for a wedding in a bookstore
There is no reason to have luggage for or around cleaners as they don t coincide with travel .
If you are afraid of water diving into the seaside is dangerous and risky .
People don t own elephants as pets so they wouldn t take them out for walks .
pencil won t be useful to save you from the rain
Malls are places for shopping and are not suitable for study .
Babies cannot breathe amniotic fluid outside of the womb .
People do not heat buildings in the microwave
You watch movies in a theater
the sun is a hot ball of gas and cannot be walked on
You don t get dismissed for excellent work .
if ID card is provided no reason for police to make the person leave the train
A keyhole is too small for a woman to walk through .
Terrorism only brings hate .
Shopping Malls are rarely open in the morning and do not serve breakfast .
Dogs are carnivores .
A cell phone cannot be smoked .
The crow can only quack and its voice is very bad .
Tongue is a very soft muscle
there is no relationship between dragonflies and honey
different cars need different fuels .
the lotion can t clean hands well
Putting hands in hot oil would cause severe burns .
A winter coat will help protect from cold temperatures not hot .
Clouds can t be used to generate electricity and windmills don t use clouds either .
A person doesn t usually smell walls
Littering is frowned upon .
Giant animals such as a bear would have to climb a tree they cannot run up a tree .
Clouds would not produce any wind on their own to generate electricity .
The ash of a person is not useful
horse doesn t live in the ocean .
People do not harm each other in a marriage
After victory our team will not felt much disappointment .
People use a blender in the kitchen .
Stones are not food
A skateboard does not need gas nor do you drive one .
People cannot fit inside of a microwave .
Cars have engines which enable them to go faster .
Turtles are too small to jump that high up .
Bread can not be signed
You have reduce your body if your fat not to take bath
a dog cannot walk a man
no need to hike to see supermarket
Hats are for your head .
Normally villages are a group of places that people live not in a tree .
Noise can make people distracted
Lying isn t used for fun purposes .
A thermometer does not measure heartbeats .
Swimming is not considered art .
Clouds are located high in the atmosphere and are too high for touching so one cannot touch the cloud .
Furniture is solid and it is not possible for air to be furniture .
A good night sleep is good for health .
silver is less valuable than gold
Miles is used to mention distances not costs
TV s are not food
Students generally don t make good soldiers .
A giraffe would not fit in a backpack .
A fan does not provide light .
Oil is used for cooking not drinking .
Ovens do not wash dishes .
Dry towels can t wet your hands .
Chairs have nothing to stand on in the sky
There are only two tires on a bicycle .
Tigers are carnivores not herbivores therefore would not eat bamboo .
Tigers are carnivorous they only eat meat .
Eating is not exercise .
people use their hands not feet to eat
Cheating makes the student dull if allowed then they will never study hence will not able to grow in his future .
Pennies are not liquid .
Iron rod is a metal
Goats are a mammal and mammals do not lay eggs .
Shoulder is a part of the human body not a food
you can t swim across mountain .
Medicine is for saving people
Bottles are not edible .
It is too hot for astronauts to go to the sun .
you can t eat electronics
It s inconvenient and improper to mop the floor with a bed sheet .
You cannot use washing machines to watch things .
Houses aren t sold at the grocery store .
at present it s impossible for human to live among the clouds
A spatula cannot grab noodles as it is known for being smooth and slippery .
the newborn baby is about 05 meters tall
People play video game with their eyes ears as well as hands
Mental patients do not have the ability to solve math problem
It s not necessary to know the time when unlocking the phone
Kindergarten is for children not the old
The sun is too hot to be thrown .
A dog eats dog food and could not live on grass .
fire emits heat
A spoon is a utensil for eating not parking .
It s not possible to pack personal items in a backyard .
Buildings themselves don t have entrances or areas designed for cars .
If you are eating a chicken it is dead and cooked .
Helmet is not a place to watch movie
Umbrellas are not edible .
Cleveland is a city
A car is not fluid .
Average people do not have access to fighter planes .
A paint brush is used for painting not for cleaning teeth .
vacuum cleaner is for cleaning not for president day
The length of the minute hand in the clock is longer than the hour hand
One is not happy if they are depressed .
Alkali doesn t belong in a stomach .
My brother could not be a horse because I am a human .
A plane is usually faster than a train
A giant bowl of vegan soup is not found on the bottom of stairs
we use our body to swim
cars don t have the ability to write
People do not get married before they are given birth to
The zoo is not on the roof of the apartment building
If a person does not have a heartbeat they are not alive .
A restaurant is not a unit of measure for knowledge .
Movies are to be watched .
A bowling ball cannot be worn by a person .
Without strong evidence no one can be executed according to rules
Pens need mechanical functionality to be able to push out and pull in .
The failure of capital raising means that a sum of money is missing and a good opportunity for the company to grow is lost .
Pen is not a communication device
Fish do not have the body nor brain to operate a car .
A cat is much smaller than a man .
The gym is a place to do exercise .
bullets are used for firearms not schoolwork .
Cars require a combustible fuel and air is not combustible .
Rabbits are too small for a human being to ride on .
there s no life in the Moon
People can t drink oil because it is toxic to the body .
air is invisible .
The toilet does not have a television so the soccer fan couldn t see the match .
A cabinet case is too large to have in around or on a bed
Dinosaur is much bigger than the doll machine .
A glass is much smaller than a pool .
One can complete work on a computer but a computer cannot complete work on a person .
dog doesn t have feather
You can only drive if you have a driver s license
You can not run over something that doesn t exsist anymrore
The cat would freeze in freezer and cat wont melt
cars cannot be parked inside a room in the house
People cannot do anything when they re sleeping including playing games
Liquids and solids are different forms .
A hamster doesn t have a zipper .
Some animals only have horns not brief cases
Sugar is not bad for humans it can also be good in some cases
A dog and a piece of cheese has nothing to do with how computers work .
Tadpoles grow into Frogs .
London is the capital seat of England
beer and milk are not the same
BASKET IS NOT CARRYING LIQUIDS
There is no life on Mars let alone a city .
The watermelon would break if I kicked it
The broom is larger than the lock hole
A block does not need to be cooked .
You cannot fly out things in a notebook .
Water is not kept in the bed .
Tuna is a fish does not live in supermarkets
A bucket is to big to fit in another bucket .
You can not drive a frog .
The correct growing conditions don t exist on Mars
air conditioner is for cooling the room not for keeping food .
Phones cannot commit war crimes
Giraffes are found in the wild and in zoos .
a pop top can is too small for a cat to fit into
The atheltic track at the high school is a excellent place to run safely .
People are actually punished for stealing .
Kicking is performed with one s feet .
Europe is a continent but france is a country
Crying is not exercise .
Jello would not make the car go .
A lamp isn t meant for sitting on
8 year old do not have enough height to ride motor cycle
Dusk happens at evening when the sun sets .
people don t eat shoes and blankets as food
Food items cannot be wrapped in newspaper as the paper will become soggy
A hospital doesn t have the tools to fix a cell phone
The snake cannot sing .
reunion is a good thing .
Bridges are used to cross an otherwise not easily traversed terrain and not for human consumption .
Being eaten by bugs is a bad thing so the cat would obviously not like to be eaten .
Car seat is not a place to put the pudding .
Penguins live in the Antarctic
We are incapable of flying .
Blackboard is not a singer .
You can chat with friends on the telephone and watch TV .
a hamster is an animal
Spoons are too small and hard to sleep on .
Mothers do not like clothes scattered on the floor as it looks messy .
A lake cannot support a person walking on it .
Men wear suits and women wear dresses .
A pastor knows more about the law of god than the law of man
videogame can not represent reality
Catchers don t catch sandwiches .
Chicken is savory and is not a good taste for ice cream
Swords are used in battles .
air is not a liquid
Mixer cannot make solid food
sunglasses are used by humans to wear over eyes .
Kitchens are not the place people watch TV .
The school bag can t be hot
the school has no place to save money
ERASER DOESN T WRITE
it is unhealthful to put steak in book
Shoes are for your feet .
MY PET CHICKEN DID NT LAY EGGS YESTERDAY .
fermented foods are not used for cleaning .
slamming a friend is typically an aggressive move and would not be an effective way to invite a friend anywhere
Walking takes longer to get somewhere than a taxi ride .
Basketballs are not used for transportation .
Some students use their computers for work too .
Patience will further delay the schedule .
Skateboards do not require fuel to operate .
Judges keeps calm during the soccer match
You will die if you jump out of the window .
Beijing has different seasons .
The piano is an instrument we play not hit
Tigers are carnivores
suffering makes people feel bad .
You cannot sit on nails .
a plane is too large to park on bed
A dog does not give milk .
Dog and cheese are not used by the computers .
no one can dug hole in any country
Nobody can climb a faucet .
A baking machine does not get hot enough to melt iron .
dragon doesn t exist at all
Sand on its own is comprised of small grains that cannot be shaped into an object designed for cooking .
An inflatable tire is not food
ants are much smaller than elephants
Hats are not worn on feet .
You don t buy things in a garage
car accidents happen outside the home
Soup is not clothing .
A movie is not something you would drink
Alcohol blocks or confuses people s mental state .
Ballet does not judge things to be difficult .
butcher do not prescribe medicine
the computer is not live and impossible to fly .
Dogs do not fly .
A house is too large to be inside of a person .
Crocodiles can t use chopsticks
A car is not an article of clothing .
The fact of someone being mean to you is not a common characteristic when liking someone
An emotion is not an object to be flat .
Man is an animal that lives in society so he cannot be lonely .
A knife is used for cutting purpose not for brushing our teeth .
A banana can t be used to make a phone call it s a fruit that you eat
A strike would make it impossible for the subway to function .
Goldfish don t have fur .
babies stay in mothers bellies but not legs
A zebra lives on land which cannot be hunted by a shark in water .
Bear traps catch bears .
Not all houses are equipped with yards .
A giraffe doesn t usually enjoy a bone .
A thermometer gives you the temperature
if Tim is attracted by the show he won t get asleep
You cannot make the paper .
A shirt is not an object that can be threatening to a person .
Exercise burns calories
Water is not sharp
no one lit the quilt to make fire
People do not read shoes .
lake is still so it can t run
The age restriction for buying alcohol is older than a teenager .
There is no power in the drifting bottle
you are finished watching the television
Paper is an opaque object that cannot reflect .
Coins are metal and do not float
shark is a marine animal
Wearing thin clothes in winter can t keep warm
no one can have planets with them .
The lead core of a pencil is solid which is different from the material of ink .
a dog can not hold a scissor
A helmet is worn on the head .
Low and heavy cloud will bring rain and storm
Dogs are not found on shelves .
Garages are immobile and wouldn t fit in a car .
Fridge cannot to boil the water .
A normal cat will not even attempt to swim in water in the first place .
Anteaters are not forest animals .
No one wants to fall on their face because it hurts .
A coward is not at all brave and thus will not be admired .
You can not swim to a mountain top
He can not write on the paper with a cup .
Wearing fewer clothes will make you feel colder
Television can t solve people s sleep problems
lens cover is removed while taking a photo
Chair cannot buy in an electronic store .
Sugar has sweet taste .
Suncreen is used during a Sunny day .
you do other things in the toilet not teaching english
Battle cannot be done with children .
Each state has a different flower .
rivers contain substances harmful to human health
Grandma held a child .
necklace is not need to wear to go out
There is no technology in a shoe to allow communication of any sort .
Table does not contain luminous substances
A wardrobe holds clothes .
Pianos do not have strings .
Only pears can grow on pear trees .
Apples don t grow in the soil but on the tree .
A fridge doesn t fit inside a wardrobe .
Rice can not be opened
if he were hot he would turn on the air conditioner to cool down
Sun of our universe is only one and limited .
A fly has six legs .
A monkey does not drink alcohol .
human can t cross a concrete wall
Facial cleansers are generally sold in shopping malls .
It is an injury and not a type of exercise .
The mall is much bigger than be sidewalk .
There are no buildings on the moon .
Roadkill is not a fun thing to have around
The blind can read some special books with their hands .
Free food does not earn money
You should not start the main meal with beer because it is not good for your health .
a spoon is a utensil not an item of clothing
petroleum can t be drunk by people
You can t take the pills at will .
Houses cannot be driven like vehicles .
Rat poison is dangerous and is not considered food
Mercury is toxic to humans but not explosive
people do not have poison for meal
You cannot get into a tree . You can climb one .
the table is too large and heavier than a beer bottle
Communication can lead to friendship
Ice is frozen and not melted
Dumpings is not a form of Chinese food .
Horses neigh .
There is no such thing as an invisible reflection .
shoebox is used to put on shoes
He cannot play a melody on a lemon .
elephants are much bigger than refrigerators
An ambulance should be taking him to the hospital .
Comic books are for amusement and people usually don t take notes on them
A canteen is a popular place to eat as whereas a radio is an instrument to be heard .
The current calendar does not support there being thirteen months in a year .
Bears are wild animals and cannot be used as toys .
Dogs do not do homework people do .
Socks is a cloth which we can wear only on legs not in neck
France has less habitants than China
no one likes playing his foot .
Motorbikes don t sail the sea
Pineapple grow in small plants
They don t sell books at orchards .
Bed is a not a thing to eat .
one would buy pens when writing a book or notes .
A car is not big enough for a swimming pool .
People usually have only two arms so there is no middle arm for lifting boxes .
Dress clothes are acceptable workwear but a potato sack isn t .
Lotion does not disinfect hands
Cleaning a monitor does not use harsh cleaning chemicals .
Large nuclear explosions are not related to farms nor are they used in advertisements
Food is essential for our living
Tables are used for placing objects not as a source of light .
Plants do not need street sight to live .
A cigarette can t be used to draw .
cups are used for water not animals
A house is not made of spaghetti .
A table does not need electricity to function .
Usually humans have two eyes
Whales are to heavy to be apart of the water cycle .
a rabbit does not have shell
Ice skates are only worn to skate on ice
Dogs need a bigger environment than a fish tank
Tears are made of liquid and not wood
eating a lot of food will make you gain weight
Euthanasia kills the patient
A computer is not something you drive .
A knife would not be a good tool to brush your hair with .
Essay cannot ate .
Ships move on water .
starvation brings dangers not benefits
Toy stores carry toys not food .
Healthy food does not cause diarrhoea .
A book would be too small to hold a lot of pens .
Trees are not articles of clothing .
stone isn t a kind of food
A train is not equipped to travel in space
An airplane is too big to fit into a garage .
You can call an entity and a commercial is not an entity .
There is no one living on Mars .
Parties do not help get good grades .
It is impossible to use wood for charging since it is a poor conductor .
A chair does not have any wire to be connected to the television .
Planes are not driven by cars
the sun is not black .
A cinema is not capable of sharing .
There is no such thing as husband years .
the moisture of pears is more than that of jujubes
Stones are hard .
walker is liquid and can t be walked on
cat never hatch eggs .
Most people do not need chopsticks at the office .
Dolphin can t live in a pond .
Hills are too big to be eaten .
Love is antithetical to marriage .
People seldom eat grass
It is hard to see out the window from an aisle seat .
a pumpkin is a vegetable
Lions have no wings
Passing an exam is usually a good thing and does not make people angry .
humans need air to breathe
Blood isn t blue .
A dead father does not mean you are unemployed .
Fishes do not live in forests .
Tankers cannot become stuck in water .
A bed cannot be used for transportation .
It is uncommon to have ham in your nose .
The effect of the refrigerator is refrigeration and preservation
the dentist is not taken loose hair
crocodiles never suck the blood .
Popcorn is not something you buy as the last thing when you go to see a movie .
You don t carry around your organs outside of your body .
You cannot eat chairs for lunch .
A tire is not a human to be clever .
a toaster is an appliance you don t wash in a washing machine
climbing to the sky is impossible for people
Sand can not help us clean our body
you can t drink clothing
Trains can t fly but the airplane can .
Popcorn doesn t go with knives .
Aliens do not exist .
NEW CLOSE IS DOESN T MEANINGFUL
Giraffe cannot be adopted .
Burping typically occurs when one has eaten a full meal .
Matchstick does not have ink
You will fail if you answer in Cinese
Elephants don t flow like water .
A piano isn t big enough to live in
Fall is when leaves begin to die and come off the trees .
A fresh cloths need not be washed
when playing time lost for assignment
Eating has no correlation with gaining knowledge
A jungle cannot be moved .
A human eye cannot see in the dark .
Green lights mean go .
My dog is not a blu ray disc .
Gas stove is equipment to cook food
People do not give massages to hedgehogs there is no need for that .
so far people cannot train snakes to be a guild
Birds do not eat coins .
An advertising board is much larger than a pizza .
people reply letters not smell
The firefly is not trapped with mouth
no one puts cloths in the fridge
Opiates deaden the pain receptors .
The chicken does not eat a lion .
Laundry is clothes that need to be washed
No one eat salt because it will make people too thirsty
dark streets have many risks
A bird is an animal and is not necessary for surprising someone .
Bathtubs are not transportation .
Lazy people are not liked by their coworkers .
anything very closer to sun will burn down due to the heat of the sun .
Fourth floor is way too high for humans to jump
monitors are in lap only
composed usually refers to music
no one can run 100 meters in 1 second
Cars cannot ride across the ocean
Heaters make rooms even hotter .
Toothbrush cannot be used to catch my first fish .
The best way to resist the cold is more clothes not less .
LION IS NOT A WATER
Reactors do not boil water for home use .
Bidets cannot be slept in or upon .
Tomatoes do not need to be peeled before being eaten .
The hardness of the grass is high
Lions live in Africa where it is hot and could not survive at the North Pole .
BOY NOT A TREE
The butcher doesn t sell phones
Stereos do not have lights .
A rabbit is too small to knock people down .
Medals cannot be used for locating aircraft
McDonald s does not serve lobster .
Toothpicks are not medical devices
Lice are so small that a cat would t be able to see them .
Closing the window would keep the room in the air bad if you open it there might be better air circulation .
People are honored when they do good things .
Rockets are being sent to space for research purposes
No pants are sold in the restaurant
A zoo is a place to see live animals not extinct ones .
Dad does not need feet for meals so he does not need to wash them
The oven is not edible .
Air is not a liquid to be drunk
pocket is too small for train
The sun would turn ice to water .
Playing the piano is not a way to exercise .
Cars operate on the street .
Stone can t be used to treat patients
A drill is for drilling not writing .
a motorbike sinks in the sea
People don t normally eat tigers .
viruses are harmful and hard to consume .
stone does not absorb water
Food is not allowed in a library .
Steaks are not eaten at the end of a meal .
Grocery stores don t sell houses .
A pillow is too soft to clamp walnuts .
viruses make you sick
A tree cannot shoot an animal because a tree is not a weapon .
Poor people can not afford villas
People cannot golf in space .
Snakes do not shine .
A rocket is not a suitable object for a dog to interact with in any sort of way .
the toilet is too dirty for cooking
Banker does not investigate about crime
Humans can t fly .
the refrigerator has no heating function
trunk is brown .
Woolly hats make heads sweat on a hot day .
Pregnancy takes 9 months to create a baby in the womb .
Nuclear waste is a non recoverable resource
A bridge cannot be eaten .
Hallucinations cannot created by the cold medicines .
A cat does not have hands .
people do not consider keeping eyes closed as alive
people do not put steak in the vase
People have to use their eyes to see the plot of movies
Bikes are vehicles .
food is not kept in the closet
A banana is not conductive of electricity .
Caesar s success is to pull not put rival down the throne
A teacher works in a school not a restaurant .
There s no food in the toilet .
Sadness is not related to winning a competition .
Sugar is always sweet .
train does not has steam
space doesn t has causal atomosphere
You can t milk a mouse
A spoon is not the tool for painting
she would want her food
Giraffes live on land .
If you feel nauseous eating more food can worsen the sickness
tiger is carnivore so he will not it vegetables .
A bank does not have lunch .
A watch is not be something that can save a person s life from a plane crash .
You cannot drink a sweater .
Loud sound can cause permanent damage .
English people will teach you English but not Chinese
the moon is a sallelite of the earth
man s hair can t turn green naturally
One should not drive when one is tired .
To answer the phone we should pick it up .
I think apples taste better than bananas .
fishing is not a kind of book
Chocolate makes dogs sick
Edut does not want to go on a bike .
A whale is too big for a shallow swamp .
suit is a set of clothes .
A car would be destroyed if it were filled with hot lava .
Antarctica is covered in ice .
September has 30 days
The mechanic has no legal precedence in regards to hunting .
Teachers work at schools .
Fish don t have lungs .
A human cannot be a football .
A cloth can only be dried in the sun
Curtains are a physical barrier for the light .
There is no visible surface to the universe .
A globe is not edible thus cannot be served as dinner
in the night sky one can see stars and moon not photos
Cows can t breathe underwater .
air is not shared as it is free to all .
No one likes a bad soup
the ocean has salt in its composition
Consumption of water has almost always been necessary for human survival .
Villages appear on the surface of the Earth .
Second is the unit of measure of time
jello is food not building materials
SUN ARE NOT VISIBLE AT NIGHT
The moon rises at night and sets in the morning .
Buses would sink if they tried to drive through water .
People do not wear sunglasses in the rain .
Binoculars are not something meant to be warn .
we don t eat cotton
Chickens do not fly
hospital cannot sell a fruits
Guns are not something clerks use in their jobs .
You do not walk your dog inside .
Cars cannot fly .
Raccoons don t have wings .
Happy movies make you feel the opposite scared .
Ceilings are usually built too high to reach with a kick .
A table to too small to live in
girls usually love to wear lipstick not boys .
luxuries is a lifestyle only happen with lots of money .
the barbecue needs fire water is not needed
A movie cannot give you medicine to feel better .
spaceship is use in space not on earth for tansport .
Vehicles do not run on vegetable oil .
If you go to school with firecrackers on your back the school will not let your brother in .
a person only have one mummy .
Rain would make my clothes wet
A pen is a writing implement and not a means of transportation .
Doctors do not sell coffee .
Heavy sea vehicles do not fly in the sky .
The sun can only be coming up in one direction .
People cry at sad Dramatic movies .
A cheetah belongs outside
a party is a group of people hanging out
Rhinos do not fly .
TIRE IS NOT A EMOTION
One can not keep in touch when sleeping .
Lunch is generally a low calorie meal .
you boil water with a fire
Library books are only lent to people they don t get to keep them .
Stone is a solid substance which cannot be poured through tap .
Spilled milk can hardly be gathered up like before in other words what is done cannot be undone .
Haze acts as more of a filter and blocks and limits the sun from reaching Earth .
Motor cycle couldn t exceed sound speed
Iron is a heavy metal .
A house cannot transport you .
Dogs cannot read books .
You want the air conditioner on when you re hot
swimming pool for swim
People like hearing their mother tongue
Flamethrower will evaporate water
Tiger cannot used for a walk .
Meat will not quench your thirst .
Not much fish lives in a forest because there aren t much water .
drinking whiskey is not good for health
Sports are an addition to university life
Pigs are typically located within a paddock or barn .
New movies are not shown at the beacg
Unless it s a teacher wearing a brass groin cup you ll never find the kids playing with their instruments outside they re too busy eating or running around like . . . kids !
A person s eyes are not located in their mouth .
Only the President can order an attack .
Summer follows spring .
Stove s are used to make water hotter ergo they cannot turn to ice in a stove .
Spaceships are in space or on land before they get to space .
Plastic bottles melt at high temperatures .
Microwaves heat up food to eat .
the fork would not hold the liquid
We have a responsibility to maintain silence and discipline in public entertainment places .
chicken is an animal that doesn t need to wear shoes
A doctor does not make guilty determinations .
Lions are not used to climbing trees .
Intensive study periods usually do not last for the entire duration of a course .
Bananas are fruits and don t communicate .
Stones don t have screens .
Pictures are images not sounds so they cannot be heard only seen .
Trees absorb radiation
You do not chop parrots for food .
Hole punches punch paper not staplers
There is no proof that aliens exist so he did not marry one .
It does not snow during the summer and thus you cannot make snowballs .
Sand is not a liquid
No one can rest on the clouds
Seawater is rich in salt and is not suitable for human consumption .
A person cannot shoot down a plane .
The sun always rises in the morning .
Transport being late has an opposite effect on timleiness .
monkeys cannot teach anything
Babies are too young to have jobs .
A monkey can t breathe in water
bike cannot fly and it is a road transport vehicle
Choirs sing they don t fight battles .
Hand stitching implies no machines are used .
Elephants are usually much larger than doors .
You need to be eating vegetables to be healthy so you need to get them not give
Bacteria don t have legs .
people can t live without air and water
wolves are not have pets
Cars cannot be used to keep in touch with people across the ocean .
The bike can t fly
dinosaurs ceased to exist a long time ago
hats arent worn on the feet
Toast is only made with bread
Poor people can t afford villas .
owls are seen only at night
Lots of people will die during a warfare
Not all women actually have any children .
Lemons don t have a spicy taste .
A feather cannot start a car .
Nobody can eat mirrors .
you cant build a building that fast
After a storm ground is covered with dust .
stone is not human
Football is a game played between two teams with a spherical ball
People stick to a diet plan on purpose .
You cant wear cats .
Gold bar cannot be used to make chocolate .
DOG DOESNOT SUITABLE FOR DRVIE THE CAR
grass is always looks green
mountain is very big
cats don t have fingers to tie things
Horrible things are not ordinarily loved by the average person
the White House is in a very specific location in the city of Washington
An essay is not edible .
A heater would make it even hotter .
Cancer is a disease .
noise disturb the mind
If a person would try to ride a mouse the mouse will be crushed to death .
Rocks don t fall from trees .
You cannot send a cat through the post
Stones are inedible .
Toothpaste does not grow it is made in a lab or factory .
WHALE IS ONLY LIVE IN SEA NOT IN SKY
man can not be a queen .
Hippos don t fly .
Missing deadlines can cause anxiety .
Snakes have no feet to climb over walls
A refrigerator keeps things cold it does not cook things .
Bears are not usually in the ocean whereas sharks are primarily in the ocean .
Flowers fade after flowering rather than turn yellow in autumn .
Bamboo is living on the land
The ant is too small to ride the bike .
in the bathroom you would find hygiene articles but not stationary .
There are no roads on the ocean .
A fridge does not hold books
A car is too big to be thrown
A car is made of metal which cannot be cooked .
He Tried to Kill Himself
Extra terrestrials are not real .
Wine is also a alcohol that can t be used as a recovering alcoholic by his friend .
tv is not a wearing accessory
Smoking and second hand smoke are a cause for cancer
The river is made up of many waters
Companies take taxes out of your pacheck for taxes workers owe the government .
There is not much to envy of the homeless .
You don t put monkies in the oven .
The sun is not up at nighttime .
Gasoline ignites with fire
Doctor s do not give out homework they give out remedies .
Dogs eat dog food not cat food
A garage can have multiple doors
a fish cannot be use to unlock a door
A cow would break a chair .
worms should not be on the table
Ambulance always takes people to the hospital
employees are those who already have job .
Coffee is a stimulant so people do not drink it to sleep .
Myopic people need a pair of myopic glasses .
mental issues occur by some problems so they need to talk someone not to fight
Cars are brought in car showroom not in a cafetaria
he would turn 41
If you do not have a passport you will not be allowed into a foreign country .
Fossil energy is wasteful .
Cars are too large to pick up and carry .
Doorknobs are inanimate objects .
An astronaut do not taxes .
The White House is in Washington DC
One ant cannot eat a whole pizza .
hearing aides help enhance sound
Reading does not satiate hunger
Flowers do not produce electricity .
Thoughts are not physical and can not be seen .
the day of their birth is their birth day
Sharks do not live on land .
balcony is not good place for cycling
Religion is controversial .
There are many animals taller than dogs
The fridge cannot move .
To perform well in the examination he needs to study hard
a person cannot talk a dog
Bricks cannot be read .
You can not put a table on
There is no such thing as a soft plane .
skirt can be worn by anyone .
When people are happy they either smile or cry happy tears .
clouds are only in the sky .
phones are of no use for swimming
A hurricane would destroy a kite .
A videogame can t turn into a car
Spaghetti is a type of food not a habitat .
A plate wouldn t hold water and would be difficult to drink from .
High tax will rise the price causing people less likely to buy the item
windows aren t a drawing tool
hospitals are for living things
Dog is an animal which cannot be used to drink beer
A person cannot turn back into a baby
Knifes do no fall from the sky . If they did we d be in danger .
Houses don t have birthdays and don t celebrate them to receive gifts
Sand cannot be consumed .
Galaxy is far away
Human beings cannot with one leg .
Houses cannot be stapled together by the man .
There are few trees in the desert
Golf balls are a sports item .
Iron bars are inanimate objects incapable of the ability to correct work .
A fridge is not a person you cannot murder it .
Rainbows can be seen but not boarded .
Polar bears live in cold climates and the tropics are warm
Stoves cannot be used to check email .
The knife must not be thrown back and forth
An elephant doesn t fit in a pool
volunteers do not get paid
People want to eat food when they are hungry not full .
Ants are insects and aren t large at all
Heads only have one mouth .
If a paper is smashed no one can read them nor take notes
Oil can fuel a fire .
Baked fish can be eaten but baked cell phone cannot .
You cannot be a tree if you are a person .
In the plane there aren t swimming pool !
You cannot leave your home in your key .
it is against the law to run a red light
You swim in pools seas or rivers usually
Chimpanzees do not know how to play with computers yet .
After death the heart stops beating and there is no breathing .
Dishwashers don t have screens to watch a movie on .
Deserts get very little rain .
The sun cannot be seen during night .
People don t cook hats they are not food .
Tigers are carnivores
No one drink petrol
You cannot buy memory .
A quilt is too large to be used as a towel and it is not designed to soak up water and then dry .
Airplanes are not driven on a highway .
Disaster of 911 was a sad incident there is nothing to laugh in it .
High school students are teenagers between 15 and 18 years old
Taxes income is used for the tax payers
The distance between lightning and the sun is too far to struck the sun
clouds cannot hold phones .
Rabbit has no venom
A book would be ruined in the washing machine .
staff in the restaurant is not called writer .
Chilies is a thing which cannot be feed to the babies .
The moon isn t physically connected to the Earth so a train can t go there .
It is not our job to kill those against the law .
Fire hydrant is too small for human to sleep on
farmers do not teach lessons .
gerbil is a small mammal .
The ground of the parking lot cannot produce reflections
Nuclear reactor is way too big to be placed in a box .
Tons of trouble can only be saved if someone crosses the border with a passport .
Steel nails are too sharp
Open eyes provide the brain with more stimulus which makes it harder to sleep .
Popeye s does not sell Jet engines .
It is not possible to call on an iron .
A lion is not a pet animal to be taken for a walk .
Tears are composed by water not wood
A stone is too hard to eat .
Turtles are rarely in fields more in sand .
Nuclear weapons are too distractive and only used twice in human history
Rocks are not a breakfast item .
Sleep is the natural state of rest which enables your body to rest . It doesn t provide you with money that you need in order to live .
League of Legends is a video game running on the computer
A suit can be worn and a lawn mower cuts grass .
Lions Cannot buy things
Fiber optics are not used to take care of the body .
Stones are not a source of energy .
Operating a vehicle is easier with shoes but they are not a mandatory requirement to drive .
a swamp can t support buildings
Mountains are not food .
Trees don t bear fruit in winter .
You buy tools at the hardware store .
A library is not a place of rehabilitation .
A stove makes water boil
A life is not something that can be used .
happiness cannot exchange messages
Diaper can t wear babies .
Poison is toxic and would not treat an illness
A car is too heavy for a man to carry for any distance and to move the car normally one would just drive it to the desired location .
"It s none of your business " is meant to make others don t intervene something
Usually people cook in the kitchen
Cucumbers need the conditions of a garden to grow instead of a couch .
A restaurant doesn t have teachers .
Houses are stationary and not used for transportation .
Ice skating can only be done on an ice surface .
The universe is much bigger than a dog .
People celebrating when there is some good thing going on
The sky is too high for a butterfly to fly .
It is impossible to get out of a steering wheel .
You learning would not help me .
A wheel is always round like a circle and it s used in many different ways
a shark lives in the ocean .
Athlethic tracks are designed for running and are generally safe .
Failure is the opposite of growth .
Small crocodile are not found in a park .
a plane is not driven nor can be on a road .
A person can never get young again as he cannot turn back the clock .
The sea does not contain sugar or anything that makes it taste sweet
Mountains are to big to fit in the closet .
A book is not an electronic and has no ability to perform functions
Staples are not accepted to pay for postage .
Computer work does not require big muscles .
Eggplant is not intended for smoking
Kids are not allowed in pubs .
Fighting is likely to lose friends .
tableware is used to serve and eat meals
A teacher does not have authority to judge convicts
There is no suitable environment for human habitat on Mars
Toothbrushes are for brushing your teeth while combs are for brushing your hair .
There are 29 days in February in a leap year and 28 days every other year .
A ruler is straight and a circle is arc .
cannot took bath with a toothpaste
Bacteria in dirty water can infect a wound
Computers cannot eat for dessert .
If a person died he could never speak again .
cheddar is a type cheese
George Washington passed away hundreds of years ago .
monkeys cannot fly birds can fly
while is not a noun so it is not classed as as object an verb could be applied to
KNIVES NOT SUITABLE FOR EAT SOUP
I cannot sit on a cloud as it is made of vapour .
people need to drink water in summer
GERMAN IS A LANGUAGE IT IS NOT A EXCERCISE
Watermelons do not come from trees and are known to grow from the ground itself .
An irritable person can be very disgusting .
A computer is used to write emails .
Trees need soil to grow in .
My mother gave birth to me so she should be born earlier than me
A father cannot nurture a child if they are gone .
BEARS MOSTLY LIVE IN SNOW
elephant is a big animal
You must be quiet in a Movie theater
New York belongs to the United States and not a country
you get in the rice on the playground
you can t cycle on the balcony .
the blind man can ride a bike .
You stay home if you get sick .
Water cannot enter the brain
I got to know Peter by talking to him .
Whales are too large to be caught by a single person much less by a single elderly person .
A baseball glove is used to catch baseballs .
A fridge is not sharp and is unable to cut food .
Black bananas are overriped and can be dangerous for humans to eat
trams run on railway
Dogs are human s pet they cannot hold human
A game is meant to be played
Reading enables us to broaden our horizon
Caster sugar tastes sweet but not spicy .
The Spring Festival is a traditional holiday in China
Water is not solid .
People will be mad at you if you jump the queue when waiting for a taxi or bus .
That sentence was a paradox because it is neither true nor false .
A bikini is inappropriate for the cinema .
BIRDS NEVER EAT COINS
An apple can not eat people
Broccoli is a vegetable that does not grow on trees .
Masks are breathable .
You will get in trouble if you don t obey traffic regulations .
Water is made up of hydrogen and oxygen molecules .
Water does not have enough surface tension to be jumped on but rather jumped in .
Coal is not consumed as food
Cars can t get into the bedroom
there can be more woman finance minister in the future .
Bulls are very heavy .
Excessive meat intake causes health problems
Medical supplies are thrown away immediately after they are used once .
you can t get pregnant when you re 3 years old
Chess cannot perform actions .
HARP IS VERY ENTERTAINING
production should be scheduled not destroyed
People cannot see things through the wall
Bricks are physical objects that cannot be written .
A pizza parlor is not a good place to exercise .
Dinosaurs are extinct
Windows are found on walls and attics are opened via ceilings
Cold water would not warm him up but make him colder .
The fork is not eatable
You cannot live without a brain .
Pigs are not vehicles
A dog is a different species of animal than a human .
Praying is always a good thing to do .
Air conditioner can be used to cool the room we should not break it
Cupcakes are small not large
No one eats book
An audience enjoy listening to the harp .
CAGE IS A ENCLOSURE
The child is not eligible to drive the vehicle
It s not possible to smoke a giraffe .
Teachers job is to teach and educate people .
Smoothies are not cooked .
Shoes are used only as footwear
Bright lights make you awake .
clean clothes don t need to be washed
Plastic is inedible .
Doctor can t get lawyer s qualification certificate
June is a season of summer in the Northern Hemisphere
all people have to breathe
Cement column is not so weak to break so easily .
Toes do not divide
Chopsticks can be used to eat a variety of food and the Asian people use them as their only utensils .
You get married during a wedding not a funeral
The size of the bulb is not as big as a basketball
Water is not used for fuel water is used to extuinguish .
fish is only on the water
a dog is not strong or smart enought to push a box .
milk is originally milked from cows
Three meters is impossibly tall for a man .
Clothes can only get clean in a washing machine while dishes must be washed in a dishwasher
Pillows are not liquid and cannot be drunk
Hospitals are not dangerous
Teeth is not accepted to buy things
A cow is not amphibious and cannot swim .
People are not well liked because they are harsh .
The dishes are not usable if they are underneath the table .
flowers are stuck on the land
THAT WOULD NT BE SMART BECAUSE SHE CAN GO TO JAIL FOR BUYING AN ILLEGAL GUN .
coffee can made by coffee powder not with tea bags .
Michael Jackson died in 2008
Trash smells awful and will not protect the garden .
No person is able to travel to Saturn .
A restaurant is a place to go eat .
a bus station is made for busses
Dinosaurs are extinct
You cannot drive a car in a supermarket .
Scissors are not used to cut food .
Beans are hard unless cooked first .
A lion is a mammalian in the scientific community
blind people can t see anything
You don t go to the doctor when healthy .
Clothing does not belong in the refrigerator .
Lightning will bring light not dark
Chess is a game and you cannot become it .
Windmills use the power of winds to generate power
Concrete wall strong and hard
Your home cannot clean itself .
only birds chirp
Driving is not environmentally friendly .
A house does not have wheels or a motor .
Black is a noun and cannot be used as a verb .
shops will be open before close
Most gloves are used to keep your hands warm .
A head shot cannot happen with a water gun since it is for summer fun .
There is no HDMI port in a phone .
Putting more ice in it will make it even colder
The table is inedible .
human beings can t be separated
Trees cannot be rode on water .
The sun is very hot .
An eagle is too large and fast for a mouse to grab .
The butt can not move the wrist above the head .
MUFFIN FOR WINTER
Water is not hot enough to cook things
there s no food to sell in the clothes store
Omelettes are never made with oatmeal .
A cook is not qualified to treat someone medically .
Paper is not sharp
Moonlight cannot penetrate walls
a pigeon is too small to carry someone across mountains
a hip cannot hold a pen
Vinegar does not come from the tap .
Monkeys have not evolved to do math problems yet .
Fire cannot be given to animals
Making friends requires meeting people
terrorists don t give sweets to kids
Elephants won t fit in cans
Microscopes cannot be used to amplify sound
There is no specific food that you may need to eat while climbing a mountain .
fire is hot ice cream is cold
Babies are too young to drive cars
Inflator is not suitable for inflating people s breast
Cigarettes are always sold in small packages
You don t feel funny when you re watching something scary you feel scared .
Vinegar does not add a salty flavour
Backyard is a place where Aciel cannot carry clothes and toothbrush .
Meat provides the lion with enough energy
Using scissors on lips would be dangerous and bloody and lips don t need trimming .
Having low blood pressure isn t a way to diet
You don t play tennis at a restaurant .
Stethoscope is used to listen to heartbeat
People cannot live in a body of water where there is no breathable oxygen
white papers are nutritious and tasty to eat .
Shoes do you talk .
The bed is too big for a pan .
Cotton is too soft to puncture a tire
Gas stations are not edible for humans .
We don t listen to chefs in class we listen to teachers .
Minerals are found in very small amounts in the human body
A couch is larger than the back seats of a car
Cars do not fly
Knives are used to cut the vegetables
High school is either from home or at a school campus .
Grass has its own natural color and does not need to be painted .
Stone cannot used for dessert .
A truck cannot fit inside a car .
Birds can t lay cars .
athletes are prohibited from using stimulants
Nurses do not do gardening
There is no food in the book
Vinegar is a byproducts of apples not water and water is the liquid that comes from taps and is used to take a bath .
Beijing is not a country .
Class room is not a place to built the bridge by engineers .
A dresser is too big to be kept on a T .V .
monkey only jump tree to tree
Scissors are not used by chefs to cut vegetables they use professional knives .
human can t live without water
Pies are not made with cotton .
Potatoes are not rechargeable devices
TV is not a sleeping platform
A crane is not something that is eaten it is not food .
horses don t give fruits
Monkeys don t attend funerals .
Buses and taxis do not have queues that you are able to jump .
Home improvement stores are to spruce up areas of your house .
Light bulbs are not edible
they don t high five they bow
An opening window during a storm will make the room a mess
Apron is mainly to prevent dirty not rain
During fishing one catch only fish
cars don t have wings
No one sleeps in a bathtub .
Fighting leads to more conflict .
the brain of two persons will not think same
bread is eatable
there is no hair on teeth
The grass is an array of colors lighter than black .
A jaguar is an animal in the feline group .
A person that is respected is usually revered and not pitied upon .
Elephants don t eat honey
Dice are shaped like cubes .
you cant ice skate without skates .
Crocodiles are semi aquatic reptiles so they cannot live in desert .
Daily exercise makes you body fit and helps in maintaning your figure .
A plumber does not direct films .
An ant cannot move a big stone .
Lightest metal is not a iron .
Tasks are done and not tasted .
a monkey can not live in water
roof is for protection
There is nothing to propose after a wedding .
You can t fry a birthday cake .
The dishwasher will not wash clothes correctly .
Elephants live in Asia .
The Spring festival isn t a holiday in America .
Only one sun exists .
If the lights are broken it s dark outside .
The thread is so soft that it can t poke the paper .
there are no monsters .
Ducks can only fly very short distances .
car have only drove not flew
Fleas are bigger than mice .
Electric fans are not pets .
Water is not a fuel .
the distance is too great between these places to walk
You can only read a phone book
dogs can t play badminton in most cases
boy cannot drive a semi truck
Water would make the cookies dissolve
Vinegar is not a condiment for coffee
Laptops are not found on a plant
A recycling center does not sell fruit and vegetables .
We cannot answer the phone before it rings .
plastic doesn t make a paper towels
A ceiling is too high to kick .
Peppers are not sugar filled and do not cause cavities .
few paper can keep dry in water
Hamsters do not eat cats .
throwing dirt on the floor would make his shop dirty and run customers away .
SPOON IS NOT A KEY TO OPEN
It is impossible to walk on water .
Small animals do not need to be taught by tutors .
People can t live on the moon
Smoking is no longer allowed in a plane .
Harmful waste can not be recycled and reused .
knife is not a good of transport that requires bag to put in it .
Water is not flammable .
Zebra s cannot be ridden . Cyclists ride bikes
birds do not swim typically they fly
pets are checked by human not X ray machines in airport
Ice cream would melt in the oven .
Tea is not a necessary substance for animals .
Humans desire to be beautiful
nuclear plant is big and also flammable
If it s famous and old it has value .
Needles are not used to put them in the eye .
A stone would not clean your body and would hurt .
Water would short out a telephone .
You don t wear a car and so you wouldn t take it off
It is impossible for people to live to 200 years old
Staples are not food .
Calculators are used for math .
A basketball is designed to bounce not break .
A spoon is to small to travel on and has no wheels or motor .
Without a key you can t unlock your door
There is not salt contained in sand
Iron can not be eaten directly
Buildings are much taller than men
She cannot roasted a dinosaur for dinner .
Apartments don t hold hundreds of people .
A cleaner isn t qualified to work on your taxes .
high heeled shoes are for women
Bananas don t grow in water
Paper towels are a paper product . The moisture in the fridge will make them wet and ruin them .
Glass cannot be ingested .
Monet was a french artist .
You should not bake a tree .
apple pies is not associated with an exam .
Usually people don t drink dog s milk
Bowls and chopsticks are not edible .
there s no doctor working at the airport
A snake is an object a day is a concept .
Bottles are not pets for people .
Leaves grow on trees and not in sea
You cannot go to fire but you can go home .
A table cannot have software to be updated
A horse cannot ride a person
Relatives can live far away .
Record players only play vinyl records .
3250 degrees are too hot for beef stew .
Christmas trees do not produce apples .
People avoid doing things they dislike so if they like play frisbee they do that sport
There aren t any mice in the sea
An anvil is too heavy to throw in a basket .
Mother lives for children
Knife is a device cannot used to sweeping the floor .
Alcohol impairs thinking
A belt ties around a person s waist and does not make any sound .
No bus can cross a river .
Most families can t afford a train .
You can t swim where there is no water
You should not touch the fire because it will hurt you .
Spoon cannot be parked .
The butterfly can t reach the sun
guns hurt people
Flames can damage refrigerators
a leg cannot hold onto a ballon
mice are small rodent animals
Beef is solid and cannot be drank .
You have to eat to live .
You can go to a police station to report a crime not for shopping
Red lights mean you need to stop .
A cinema does not check your passport
Dragon s are not real and can not be kept as a pet .
Bones do not sprout or grow like plants
People don t criticize the player who scored in the last minute .
Roller blades cannot be carried in a purse .
More money makes people more happy generally .
Mobiles do not clean .
An oven can t contain water .
Cats do not like apples
Blood comes out of veins not volcanoes .
a cleaner is in charge of cleaning not the products
Hippos do not run and are not apt for chasing by dogs .
People will be sad to leave some place they love
A cat is far larger than a mouse
you don t play a cow
Fish do not have wings .
An elevator is always moving and not a comfortable place to sleep .
People can t lie inside the cup
In most circumstance coffee beans are grinded to make cappucino .
A kitchen doesn t have water to swim in
If parents satisfy every need of their children children will be spoiled .
if you re full you don t need more
Money cannot be kept in a key .
Tennis is not something commonly played in a restaurant .
photographer is a career .
Dinner cannot be put inside a bottle .
Tram runs on solid iron wheels .
Babies can t get the nutrients they need through water
Pure water has no calories
lying is not a sport but a attitude
Snakes live in the wild .
Dinosaurs and Mary did not live in an era .
Fish swim in water
spaceships do not fit in a soup
The Golden Gate Bridge is in California .
cake does not help people talk to each other
A bike is not aerodynamic or powerful enough to ride in the sky .
Men can t menstruate
A car has a powerful engine that can generate a lot of power
Potatoes aren t always found in bags .
Helium and oxygen are not the same elements .
A car has four wheels .
Rabbits don t live in lotus roots
books are for reading not for eating
Healthy food aids digestion not hinder it
GOVERNING AGENCIES IS NOT A MECHANIC
Noise causes distratcions and is unhelpful when someone is trying to study .
vegans only eat vegetables
Girls are meticulous about their outfits when going out on dates .
A person s brain is inside their head and can t be removed and lost .
people usually cook in a kitchen
people see movies not drinking them .
Flying cars don t exist .
The sun is not out at night .
Stones are not made of liquid and thus cannot be poured
An apple cannot be kept inside a pen .
Mustard is not used as a syrup
One cannot use a banana to play audio .
You can t swim in a pool with sand
People cannot fly .
Lunch cannot eat at 7 a .m .
Something you find in a newspaper are pictures .
you can t skate on ice without skates you would fall and slide all over the place immediately
There is no kitchen equipment in a clinic
WHALE IS NOT A HUMAN
A hippo cannot take pictures or fit into someone s pocket .
The leg does not think .
Soda does not power a car .
humans are naturally warm blooded
The car can t fly
There cannot be a river where there is no water .
You can t read a movie .
Houses are too tall to step over .
Humans don t lay eggs .
a radio is irrelevant to making a u turn
Water cannot attract usually magnets attract
ATMs do not dispense soda .
plants have no affection
Microscope is usually used in the labs to observe tiny cells and the magnifying glass is used to read
Money is deposited in the bank
The sea is made of water and nothing can fly in water .
it is impossible to put a package on one s lung
A car cannot fit into a closet .
Butter is made from milk
spoon is a kitchen utensil
Videos cannot be tasted .
Hands are for touching
The material from which newspapers are made is not plastic because it would be expensive
Wings are not part of a cat
The summit of the Himalayas is at 8 000 meters above sea level and is uninhabitable
A doctor s office is for physical examinations and check ups .
There is no bodily contact in golf .
Bubbles are soap filled with air not any kind of nut .
You cannot buy hands at stores or shops .
Ovens are to big to take with you .
Aardvarks do not wear shoes .
washing is done to remove dirt
One does not indulge in a game .
A bullfrog does not have channels like a televison .
Santa Claus is only known for giving gifts for Christmas
Dogs are living objects and they are not meant to be kept in the freezer
Rural villages typically do not have the resources and skilled staff to run a hospital .
Forgetting words in a speech is not something the public appreciates
Whales don t climb .
Watches don t go to the bathroom
Newspapers are printed for reporting news
Parents would know that their children are not attending classes
Milk makes tea taste different .
A chair is not alive and therefore does not have pain .
tortoises generally do not make sound
An oasis is not something taken by a religious person .
A pig is an animal .
Melatonin makes you sleepy
A leopard is too small to ride on
The sun is far away
A mat is inanimate and therefore can t sit on anything .
A cat is an animal therefore she can t sing
Sanitation workers clean up garbage
Football must be played on a football field .
Chair cannot wear by the people .
no one eats a pencil as food
Going to the moon is very expensive and requires training and authorization .
we relieve ourself in the toilet
A sphere has no edges therefore has no faces .
Plastic box is not edible food for a man .
people cannot keep still when they jump
Basketballs are not edible .
Chopsticks are utensils .
SCRATCH MAKE A PAIN IN BODY
Winter is cold .
Mirrors only show what is in front of them at the moment and can not make a recording .
some scenes can be seen for free .
When you walk you use your feet instead of your hands
Multiple families can live in apartments so it would not make sense for only one family to occupy all of them .
Computers are not organic products and are made by humans
12345 are not letters
A lion is a wild animal and is not a meal to eat
The desert lacks water on which whales live .
drinking some lava is very dangerous
The moon is too far away to smell .
A snowboard is used to descend a snowy mountain .
iron is too hard to damage the machine
A class room is a place a blueprint can be drafted but not somewhere a bridge would be built .
A car is bigger than a fridge .
no kid likes tablets
A lot of people can hear .
Bed sheets have no heating function
Water makes the floor more slippery making it unsafe .
A person cannot literally lie on top of a cloud .
Boats have no capability to row people .
A beach is close to the sea
cup can t be used to write report
The airport is not equipped for doctor s to work at .
Rabbits are not able to climb trees .
Plants don t have feelings .
the school is a place for teaching not for liquor
Trees can t grow in ice .
The hose key does not start the vehicle
A piece of paper is rectangular .
The tree grows outside because it is very tall
Ketchup is used on foods not in the bath tub .
People are not asked to expose themselves while buying wine .
It is impossible to eat rocks .
Cheating in the examination is immoral and shouldn t be allowed
THEATER IS PLACE FOR WATCH MOVIE
Air is abundant and not charged on the world it is free
a window is not made of pumpkin
You cannot write with a needle
Doors are not vehicles .
Fast food usually contains too much fat and sugar which increases the risk of heart disease and blood pressure .
A bandage does not have needles to pierce the skin nor can they hold liquids .
Dolphins are not able to breathe cheese .
People don t grill their clothing .
A baby is a person who first come to the world and is not a old one
Stars can not be touch .
Mustard doesn t taste good with ice cream .
bars are on the streets
Smoothies are not something a BBQ can make .
An aquarium is a place not to put a cow .
Bricks are solid not liquid and so cannot be drunk .
Cars do not have eyes .
Dinosaurs don t exist anymore .
A lot of complex computations go into predicting the weather .
Drugs can cause irreparable harm to the human body
A car is too big to be put in an oven
Losing a lover would make someone sad .
Clouds cannot be eaten .
Robots generally do not have the capacity to feel emotions such as "liking . "
The plumber can not correct the student s the assignment .
It is dangerous to walk in a tornado .
people have operation at the clinic not library
Bold eagle is not the national bird of any country .
Lions are not sold at the mall
Heavy clouds indicate rain .
A monkey has no need of a spoon .
No cat can read newspapers .
school is not a soda
In the museum you see art not weights do pull
There are no provisions in the T .V for calling people .
Watermelons are fragile . You can t kick them
Cups are not reliable weapons to use in a fight .
There are no American territories in South America
We would not kiss someone we found repulsive
There is more pollution in the city .
Chalk is not a food item
Trash are thrown into trash cans and not cooking pans like the frying pan .
you cant use the sun its on space
The room cannot accommodate the plane
pan is too large to be put in a pencil box
elephants are so heavy and huge they can t fly in the sky
An oven does not have an alarm function
usually people can only order food and eat at a restaurant
A sun cannot be picked up or thrown .
when the sun falls down we sleep
Hotels will not have Doctors to treat an injured person .
You go to the movie theater to watch movies
Mozart did not perform science experiments
A TV cannot comprehend a movie .
Beds are generally comfortable while volcanoes cause destruction .
Dirty clothes usually need to be cleaned not burned .
Playing basketball requires hands not table tennis rackets .
A dog does not have hands .
Laundry is not a fun activity for children .
Fish cannot fly
Cars can t fly but planes can .
A car is an inanimate object and cannot purchase anything .
moose are very heavy and cannot be lifted by the average human
Washing machines are used to clean clothing not for the heating of the food .
Mobile phone is not eatable
Lots of wine will damage the heslth .
chair is not broke it was stolen
Cars don t belong in buildings .
Pencils start hard but get shorter as used .
THE COMPUTER IS NOT SMALLER THAN MOBILE PHONE
You serve food on the restaurant not books
Windows usually open to the outside .
Medals generally can t detect planes .
A basketball ball cannot be played in tennis due to its size
BED FOR SLEEP NOT FOR WORK
People do not feel so strongly for pencils .
Countries cannot have world within it
MONET IS A FAMOUS PAINTER
Cheese is a delicious food .
The sun is very bright during the day
proposals don t have tastes so their tastes cannot be different .
Parties have nothing to do with canceling a marriage .
Pen cannot be writing .
Inches cannot be used to calculate the average weight of a newborn baby .
Dinosaurs are imaginary creatures .
A knife would hurt a dog if you used it to clean it .
Monkeys do not swim .
kid is too navie to lead a country .
Crying is a sign of sadness not happiness .
Class room is too small to contain a bridge
We cannot work as a pet .
A fan usually generates wind and a lamp generates light
There aren t Santa Claus in the world .
Many people enjoy eating chicken for dinner .
A gas stove is for cooking .
Passengers are not allowed to control the airplane
When getting a bad grade people will be sad but not happy
Cats are carnivores .
A stone is not alive and can t be killed
People can not be planted
Frisbees cannot be eaten .
Drinking a lot of wine is bad for your liver .
Cats are so afraid of water that they could not swim in it .
Plastic is not a source of energy used to illuminate darkness .
Chalk is not a food item .
chess is not something with its own volition it is only a game
A mountain is so big and heavy that nobody can move it easily .
Moses has been dead for a long time and could not have heard a concert yesterday .
A gun is a tool and cannot work with a person to use it .
You cannot wear hats on your ass .
Credit cards are only used by the person they are issued to you cannot send one as a souvenir .
It s not ethic to increase likelihood of war .
Bricks are not for snacking and don t belong on tables .
Two is less than three .
Walking does not affect others so it is okay in public .
Cat sandwiches aren t common to order unless you re in Korea
Sighted people do not watch TV with their hands .
When a phone is dead it is considered off and malfunctioning .
Bikes are not automobile while a motorway is for automobile vehicles
Animals lack the ability to digest stones .
People don t wear water as a scent .
Credit cards cannot function as glasses
the chef wouldn t clean the pot with ingredients inside it
A car can not fit in a microwave .
Gravity does not push him into the air .
Tiger is more powerfull than chickens
rhinos can not fly
Sleeping pills help sleep
the moon is just part of planet earth
Tree are static in position binded with the roots inside the soil also trees are not having legs as humans animals etc have .
Humans have apparently not been to the moon in several decades .
The sun is a star not an animal .
Shooting is an activity for adults
Apples are to eat not to wear .
cancer is one of the worse diseases
Motor oil cannot be in her coffee mug .
Pap tests are medical
People get gifts at their birthdays .
Air is not hard to be melted .
watching mobile phones for a long time can damage our sight .
People dress up in lots of costumes besides just ghosts for Halloween
A microphone does not play music .
education is not usually obtained in cars
A police do not stole the golds .
A class ring can be worn to school but a bed cannot be worn to school .
Mother loves her son very much
Dish washers are meant for dishes not clothes .
lions aren t food
You need fresh water to fish in .
People s life is not so long
Mending is a process of repairing damaged clothing .
Socks are an item of clothing typically meant to wear on one s foot .
One cannot cook meals with broken utensils
A plane cannot land in a structure with a roof .
The sun produces warmth
Pork is not used in halal canteen .
The pen is an item that cannot eat
Medals are made of metals or PVC and can never be made from rice .
People wear less clothes when it is hot to escape the heat
Stones are not pliable .
Turner would not start her own business because he is a man .
the multitude of trees makes up a forest and the presence or absence of snow is irrelevant
A toaster does not provide light .
She swims in pool water
People do not have wings .
A stone is smaller than most plants and animals .
Latest devices has many useful options and functions which doesn t have in obsolete devices
The stool doesn t have anything to do how high the table is
It is wrong to bring a lawsuit by force .
Salesmen do not work at school
A father should not give his son a cigarette
Slippers are not professional work attire .
Eyes do not detect sounds
People don t generally buy gum using chinchillas .
Having a busy job means he would likely have very little time to spend with his son .
A stationary silent cello is not good to dance to .
Leopards have spots .
You cannot swim in butter .
If pencils were made of iron people would get tired from writing because iron is heavy .
McDonald s does not offer fresh seafood .
you cannot eat an automobile
the chair has not any taste
"talk big " is to say someone brags not talking something important
Impractical choice at a place of work .
A car is much bigger than a person .
There is not a type of jacket that is called "pistol "
Electric fans do not go on paintings .
Chocolate is an inanimate non human thing and cannot cry .
Seawater cannot be drink by the people .
Running is done on ground and swimming is done in water .
Cellphones are not alive .
Bulimia can affect some people with poor body image .
On hot days you should have cold drinks
I don t think monkeys live on the ice and it s hard to touch them let alone play with them
clouds can t be used to knit
One does not study because one gets a high grade but studies hard so one can obtain a high grade .
TV WATCHING IS NOT A GOOD EXERCISE
Bread is not a kind of seafood
Noses are used to smell things .
Drinking water is nothing special for human
Milk comes from breasts not money
Toilet is for evacuating bodily waste
The moon revolves orbits earth .
the fan makes people feel more colder
an officer s job is to stop a bankrobber
The goal cannot go into a ball but a ball can go into a goal .
It would hurt to run in dance shoes .
Trash can be smelly
Shopping mall cannot provide a quiet learning environment for students
Humans do not have a middle arm .
The bar are not the places for reading
A colander will not float in the sea .
Walls are stationary and don t move .
people always feel happy after helping others
Stone contains no nutrients
Tree cannot rode into the store .
Coffee does not contain spicy things
Rice is used for cooking .
spaceship is the special transportation that flies into space
People won t die directly because they are running out of money
If we wash the car stereo with water the stereo will not work properly
People can t survive an hour without breathing .
Horses do not bark they neigh .
Bicycles cannot sail on the sea
Wild geese fly southward for winter instead of hibernating .
Water is not a thing that has a powerful attraction
a pig can t go to school to learn .
Hand is not edible .
Basketballs are usually full of air and cannot be pumped full of some viscous substance such as icing .
No one will sell vegetables in a theater
To correct the work we cannot use iron bar .
Going to school is not the final step for a farmer it is generally the first .
preyed doesn t suit to children
To encoruage ventilation a window should be opened not closed .
Babies need love and support from parents .
Chairs are made on inedible materials .
You buy cars at a car dealership
One can t write on something which is inside a bag .
No one brings a hamster to the theater .
money can t be grown
a teacher should not punish students corporally in any way
Giraffes are the tallest creatures .
Tailors aren t trained to do plumbing .
February has maximum 29 days in the month .
A television can only show pictures it is not capable of cooking .
Submarines do not fly .
The moon is too far away across space to smell .
Objective paintings are not hard to recognize .
A mountain can t be cut down .
Teddies are soft and cannot cause injuries
Lake is not a place to walk .
Outdated food is not good for health
Stick cannot be used to cling to the tree .
Post offices are for mails and packages .
Seahorses anatomical structure are without legs .
AN ATOM IS VERY TINY ELEMENT IN THE EARTH .
People don t live in a coconut .
Bikes are too heavy to fly .
Bears are not in houses
A television has no effect on how full your stomach is .
comb is used to dress the hair
The liver is grown inside one s body
bleach would kill you if you drank it
Drinking water does not stop someone from sleeping well .
People can t eat cans .
A rock is an inanimate object as does not eat .
There is no water in the desert to surf .
Sand is not liquid .
In the cinema people should keep quiet and should not sing
A snow globe is not designed for habitation .
An arch is the strongest part of the bridge in terms of support .
No apartment is large enough for three hundred people .
Happiness does not have concept .
Dumbells are meant for exercises and non consumable food
The parking is not a suitable place for a horse
Cows can t fly .
house does not have friends
Sunshine shines through a window which is in a wall but sunshine cannot shine through a wall .
usually a pond can not accommodate a ship
A pet is not a hobby .
A dryer does not wash clothes it dries them .
The wall cannot hear her .
The garage already has your own belongings in it .
You cannot fish in a desert .
Compared to driving a car or other vehicles a bike is slow and takes longer time .
High temperatures keep Africans skins black
People don t sleep in trees .
Air exists around us but we can t see it .
Trees don t talk and cannot be dated .
Sea is comprised of saltwater so it has a lot of salt not sugar .
Every doctor practices in clinics and hospitals as their duty but cooking is not a compulsion to them .
car doesn t drive by itself
A fridge can t fit children playing inside of it
medical shop does not provide food
Air cannot be shared .
Children cannot be brewed by him .
no one can be born in a volcano .
If you take off clothes you will feel colder .
honesty can t be bought by money
oil is non edible
Some people do not have arms .
People do not eat trashes for it is dirty and unhealthy
CROCODILE IS NOT A DOG TO FIND
Bikes do not produce video .
Mars does not support vegetation .
dirty water is bad for health
A pillow is a solid and cannot be drunk by a dog .
ice cream stores only sell ice cream
People don t cry when they are happy .
polar bears do not fly .
whisky is not good for health
A airplane is too big to be used for stuffing .
stoves don t call people
You can not make coffee from tea bags it s impossible .
Chili is a food and cannot be sexy
IF IT IS BRING FROM UNDER WATER IT WILL BE SPOILED
Computers are inanimate objects
One of the things you do when you talk to someone is open your mouth .
The largest planet in the solar system is Jupiter .
a leg is a part of the human body and cannot be stolen
Light cannot escape a Black hole .
you cannot drive and play the guitar at the same time
Science is complicated .
Clouds are in the sky
The team would not feel disappointed they would be happy because they won
Water is the most efficient way to hydrate yourself compared to other liquid .
Lizards do not have wings and cannot fly .
Water is a colorless transparent liquid and does not contain pigments .
Humans are not monkeys .
Frying vegetables needs wide surface area
A shirt goes on your chest .
A human cannot create fire inside their body .
Dragons aren t real .
Shoes are never worn on your head .
stove is not a place to store an ice cream .
a toothbrush is not able to take a photo
The average human lifespan is 78 80 years old .
Sand paper is not to wipe the ass .
calendars cannot be itchy
ghost is not visible to spoke
Suitcases and closets and dressers are used to put clothes in not garbage bags .
Battlefield is dangerous
The restaurant personnel would not allow a dog inside .
you cannot be addicted to shower curtains
Forests are remote areas that are void of any buildings .
Lemons are very sour and not sweet at all
You have to be older to shoot .
Aliens do not exist .
The repair shop can t dry clean clothes
Diesel engines need diesel fuel to run .
A fish doesn t have feet so it can t walk
pigs don t live in the garden
To stay home no ticket is needed .
A knife would cut you .
Asteroid impacts have resulted in mass extinctions of life forms on Earth .
coffee is a stimulant
A bike would sink in the lake .
There is no law requiring people to eat cake on their birthday .
You can t buy ice cream in the desert .
Walls are typically built for the purpose of keeping something out or keeping something contained .
birds can t read because they re illiterate
Garbage should go in the dustbin so he would not be fined for putting garbage in the dustbin .
Walls do not have a race .
Cake is solid and typically much larger than a cup .
Mark Twain was a writer and not a scientist .
Cicadas are not able to glow .
Caterpillars turn into butterflies .
Only a tiny fraction of homes have pools .
Children don t belong in mailboxes
There is an ocean between America and Europe .
People don t have relationships with garbage .
People wear all kinds of costumes for Halloween .
people rarely have compassion for someone that I respect
Generally ripe apples are sweet .
Cooks do not know how to cut hair .
Junk food will make people fat
Monkeys are not smart enough
Pigs can t fly
bacteria doesn t have vocal cord
Heavy work will take up much of people s time with his family
Spoons are utensils used for eating food not for use as clothing .
Watching mobile phones for long hours damages human health .
Pencils don t need ink but pens need
A bottle is not an article of clothing .
Fire isn t made of ice cream .
It is not normal for someone to walk around with gold .
some animals are dangerous
Submarine cannot fly .
Nobody gets paid in food when they work at a job .
Medical supersition kills people .
ambulance takes people to hospital not playground
Saturn is a planet not a satellite and it revolves around the sun .
You can t print words with feathers .
Exercise makes people feel better
sleeping is not allowed in the elevator of the mall
Food is made by chefs not books .
Motor oil does not belong in her coffee mug .
You cannot reach the moon
Einstein was a physicist . Not an inventor .
Logs do not have feet .
A cow does not fit on a shelf
An elephant is too large to eat .
Underwear is not edible
A crocodile is to big to big to fit in a fridge
mosquitos are insects
dice are cube shaped
Cars do not float in water .
no one can eat the table .
Humans cannot drink tires .
Water is good for your health
Chess is a board game that admits only one loser and one winner
Lamps are a light source and cannot be used for transportation .
it like to have a little food at hospital not a big meal
A washing machine isn t meant for food or drinks and doesn t keep them cold .
magma is too hot to swim .
A person does not have wheels to circulate
Basketball court does not have swimming pool .
December comes after 11 other months in the year .
House cannot be drove to the store .
A terrorist does not usually give candy to kids .
A giraffe is much bigger than a oven .
Pillows do not contain mobility and do not require tyres
Elephants live outdoors .
ZOMBIE IS NOT A PET
The soil is not the material of the clock
a clock is used to tell time
TV donot have wheels to drive
Drinking juice is not a capital offense .
Stove is not a writable thing and we cannot write anything on stove with pen
T Rex is extinct .
sloth does not run it only crawls
The ferret Mustela putorius furo is an animal that likes burrow .
iPad will neither prevent air crashes nor benefit the old lady s family after the air crash
A guitar is for playing music
Dogs don t prevent wetness .
helicopter wont fit in the house
Boiling water is hot and unpleasant to fall into .
A person cannot fit inside a mailbox
A ball is not a musical instrument
Cars are fixed in an auto repair shop .
people can play basketball while smart phones can t
A knife doesn t have bristles so it is an unrealistic tool to use for sweeping a floor .
Kindergardten is a place for children
A cloud is too high relative to the cat .
Tortoises do not hop to get around the walk .
Drinking too much does harm to health .
Eraser wold be found on a study table .
Being laughed at is not an enjoyable experience .
Heaven is an imaginary place
dog never crows
Stud earring cannot wore in the wrist .
friday is before saturday
One person is not strong enough to pull a ten ton block .
no one can teach animals .
Your hands have fingers not toes
Stone has no energy as energy
One cannot see their back in the mirror
fake chemistry and the past of a student s nation are not related
The store is inantimate and cannot drive a car .
Females do not normally have three breasts .
Potatoes are food .
vegetables have lots of vitamins and fiber that are good for health
Fridge is too small in height and people will not get killed jumping from fridge
Rocks are not food and they are hard and would break your teeth .
TVs are for entertainment but not needed for eating .
Birds are only capable of flying and hopping .
It is not typical to get milk from a dog .
Water extinguishes fire .
Refrigerators are build to cool drinks instead of heating them
Sarah sent Jim a Christmas present
Pebbles cannot be eaten
A horse is much bigger than a cat .
Mars is too hot for plants to live in but the earth is suitable for plants
When someone ran away we get very tense not relaxed .
wolves are wild animals not pets
train is too large for the entrance hall
If she is full she will not want to eat .
Train cannot blow in the wind .
It is the teacher that creates the test .
You don t invite people you hate .
Babies need to be cared for not ignored
Hunger does not make you tired .
You cannot run a train .
Ballet is a type of dance .
Aeroplanes are not food
earplugs are for blocking out noise .
The bat couldn t hit the man with a baseball because the bat was not alive .
People visit the dentist for tooth pain .
Computer are man made machines so they don t eat and bananas are food .
Bulimia is a medical condition that only some people have
You can t paint something with a lamp .
Tadpoles turn into frogs .
Someone would not be happy if their work was deleted
Spoons are not a mode of transport .
Ice cream is very cold
You don t wear shoes on your hands
The word rain is incorrectly used
People don t put petrol in their stomachs .
Wood does not provide electricity .
Bottles are not the favourite things of people .
Moon is white in color
A sack piece does not produce a picture .
If someone does not take bath for more than a week He is dirty .
Playing chess is an activity so you re not doing nothing
Cat s don t eat wood chips .
Dolphins can t play badminton in most cases
They don t put on musicals at the police station .
A stone is made of impervious hard material and can t be pricked by a needle .
Pen is used for writing it is not designed for drilling holes .
A hair oil is not something that you wash everyday .
Opening the heater will make the room even hotter
Dog is not a computer peripheral
the boss always gets unhappy when the clerk gets into big trouble
Bagels are meant for eating not an object meant for driving
People who are sick generally do not perform work as well as people who are healthy as their symptoms cause delays and can be distracting .
Cows don t walk in trees
Math teachers don t generally teach history .
"Stripping " is not normally allowed in Walmarts nor many other public areas .
spoon is a kitchen utensil and cannot open the door .
A doll does not actually watch TV .
Cars can t drive on water
Footballs are not edible .
Sweaters are not in liquid form .
A tree is too big heavy and round to cut tofu with .
Electronic cigarettes don t type things they are used to smoke tobacco .
Chairs usually do not contain electronics .
Toll booths don t serve food .
Ice cream typically does not melt in cold environments .
Actual mice can t be used to operate a computer .
computer is not a cleaning material for teeth
A man cannot jump over the moon .
Shaking someone s mandible is not a proper way to greet them
people cannot eat a house of food .
Plastic is not a living material .
Factories operate to make money .
Frostbite cannot be protect from the ice block .
Fish cannot walk .
Video games are not an educational pursuit .
A human being can t birth a panda nor be out with a panda .
There is no buttons on asses .
oven is used to heat
Biology has nothing to do with numbers .
Roses are plants and chickens are animals and these are two seperate groups .
Turning of the water when you brush your teeth will save money on your water utility bill
There is no moon in the railway
its not reasoning for fight
She can go on vacation but she cannot go on pizza .
An actual plane would not fit on a human s bed .
Ostrich is too big to eat
Hippos don t fit in pockets .
The washing machine works inside and does not blow out .
fish can only live in the water
Guitar cannot play with his nose .
You can t lose a bank with excercise .
You wear pants on your legs .
No one talks to walls
SKYSCRAPER IS VERY TALL
There s not possible to eat a football
PARTY DUTY NOT NULLIFIES A MARRIAGE
Lemonade is made out of lemons
Appliances do not need to be kept chilled .
A living person cannot physically travel to heaven .
Blooms are flowers
The phone can t turn on when it is dead because there is no power
When it is hot you want to drink cold things .
You can only die once
sister is not a prize
banana is not a cellphone to use call
Cats do not emit light .
The human neck is very short .
Animals never drink tea .
NO ONE COOK STONES FOR FOOD
the pig doesn t fly because it has no wings
private car do not stop for public to enter
Football is not a food
we can smell with our nose
Anxiety disorders affect around 10 of people at any one time .
Ears cannot hear heat
Some types of animals and plants depend on one another to live .
An apple is a fruit .
hospitals don t have the capacity to fix laptops
Durian peel is not edible .
A elephant cannot live in under water
A cook works in a restaurant .
Sport and recreation can be part of the university life but not all .
Pencils are made of lead which can t be filled with ink .
Spectacles cannot used to listen music in his phone .
Plastic is not edible so the brother would not have been eating it .
Pumpkins are carved during Halloween and not during Christmas .
A tree cannot grow on a Koala
In night sky will be dark so cannot see rainbow at night
There are no penguins at the North Pole .
Sleep is the opposite of work .
Watch does not have the function of playing music .
Can not send communications on your radio .
photosynthesis method does not involve or relate to food or its preparation
Flowers are plants .
plants does not need oil to grow
Mice have fur .
Dogs are terrestrial animals
Trains are something that are too helpful to destroy .
Usually people read books a kitchen is a place
Fortnite is a video game not a locality
Other People s works have copyright which should not be violated
adults can visit theme parks
you can not die from someone touching you with a finger .
Eyelash brush is used to brush eyelashes not to paint eyebrows
Supermarkets are not places to pray
Driving is not conducive to the environment
A bike cannot travel through the air .
Blue is not a natural color for healthy lips .
A belt does not play music
The jungle is full of dangerous animals and it is easy to get lost .
You can not fish at the mall .
Staring at an electronic screen for long periods of time may cause nearsightedness
A table is not a musical insturment .
Waste water is harmful and cannot be drunk directly
milk cannot be eaten while it can only be consumed
Ballet shoes are made from inedible materials .
bombs is dangerous and pandas don t eat them
bike chain is not an ornament to wear in neck
Roosters cannot produce eggs
WE COULD NOT TURNS THE WIND
car is not wearable thing
Water is not an intoxicant that affects one s driving .
When you hear sad news you cry
Condors cannot carry more than 33 pounds .
Fish cant play in a living room
It s not possible to lose 20 pounds in a night .
There are very few presidents at any one time .
the dogs can t play the piano
Wood is opaque and not a reflective object .
This is not a food order
earphone used for hear something
Shaving paws would remove fur not clean paws .
A house is too large to be inside of a washer .
Bars are usually very noisy to have a good reading
a swamp is usually not suitable for human habitation
FEEL SAD WE COULDN T SMILE
Dogs have poor vision in fact .
Aircrafts do not normally land on highways
Showers are located in the gym
West is in the direction opposite to east
An iron is used to get the wrinkles out of clothes .
Robots are emotionless .
He would not eat a potato if it were rotten .
Seahorses do not have legs
A cat cannot survive in a fridge .
fence is too large to be put on shelf
Lipstick is used by girls not boys .
Plastic is not edible
patio is private property
A bathroom does not have writing supplies
The current technological advancement doesn t allow for a frequent moon travel .
Forest is not a place where anteater don t live .
It is not possible to see an elephant using a microsope .
Bag has no mobility
you grow veggies in dirt
The land later known as America was already in existence before 1492 so Columbus could not have created it himself .
Most young boys are not yet familiar with Satanism .
You can t use an x ray to make calls
The car is too small to carry five lions
A tiger is not something that you eat .
Pots are used to grow plants but the pot itself cannot grow .
A school is a building which cannot move towards a person .
Chairs cannot drive .
Hiring a driver makes no sense when your car is unusable .
One cannot work when one does not feel well .
Too many candies will cause toothache .
game does not include movies .
Tea is not something everyone likes to drink
Pots are man made
An atom is much smaller than an ant
Santa Monica isn t in China .
poison is injurious to health
pandas are rare thus protected
A train is much larger than a car .
The table is incapable of action to fight .
Seeing dirt irritates people and does not refine them .
Teenagers cannot be tie dyed .
People do not eat rocks .
his head is attached to his body and has to go everywhere
Stones are stable objects on the ground but birds are in the sky
You lie and sleep on a bed and its too bouncy to run on .
Pizza is not made of adjectives
Children are not allowed in bars .
Badminton is a sport not a soap opera .
the apple is not a living thing to watch
Sally can not use life
Nobody could make a sun except the god
MUD IS A MIXER OF SAND
bridges are built for crossing
Watch cannot be worn around nose
Obesity can cause health problems that are detrimental to humans .
Motorcycles usually only have two wheels .
Eye is an organ which helps in vision
Mars is not the furthest planet from the sun .
LAWN IS NOT TO FIND A TREE
Dogs cannot eat cocoa which is present in chocolate .
arrow does not have loading arrangements
Footballs are not edible .
Every day by definition is 24 hours long
Vinegar does not go well with coffee
Saying frightening things does not make people laugh .
Clothes protect against the cold
only teeth is usually brushed
Monkeys do not eat turkeys .
There are not enough water under a tap to swim
Round dice are rare .
Restaurants don t deal with administrative things
Getting a high score does not mean that will be popular
Water cup is not a person to be tipped after the payment of bill .
A person can t run while wearing skis
No smoking warning means people should not smoke in that place
pillows are soft and do not cause pain if thrown at someone
Balls can make sounds but it can t play music .
Lighters are not designed for defrosting frozen items .
Speakers don t produce enough heat to cook food .
Shoes belong on the feet .
Pineapples do not grow in trees .
sulfuric acid solution is corrosive
Calipers are used to measure the dimensions of small objects .
Pillows contain foam or feathers .
THE BATHROOM IS NOT FOR EATING
a hardware store does not sell formal clothing
If we stop blinking we will not die .
The driver s license cannot handle the phone card .
An oven will melt ice .
Newton discovered the ideas of gravity and force .
Tree s need to be planted in the ground or in dirt .
Laptop is not a vehicle which can be driven .
The ocean is too big for a cereal bowl .
Ships arrive at the docks .
Ants live on the land .
A mouse is used to point and click .
Tires are used to make transportation more efficient and would be too uncomfortable to stuff into pillows .
The yard isn t part of the house
The jug would break under the weight .
A river can t belong to a drop of water because it contains much more water than a drop .
monkey did not flew
restaurants sell food not carpets .
No one eats dirt .
no phone has a red screen
Durian peel is very hard
You can not ride an ant .
Lions are enemies of deer because lions eat dear .
Wineries make wine not tequila .
people do not eat cars
Dirty clothes need washing before wearing again .
One cannot sleep to get to Pittsburgh you sleep in a bed .
Your bag will get wet on rainy days .
Most hospitals ban alcohol on the premises .
A door is not alive .
no one smokes trees as smoking thing .
Shoe is not used to wipe the nose .
anvil is a heavy iron block
A teacher can t fit in a backpack .
Lamps are immobile and too small to ride
A turtle does not have the ability to climb .
Hamburger is not a suitable gift in formal occasions
a giraffe is much taller than the fridge .
The tank will blow up the gun target
rabbits are fast and do not climb trees
Stone are very hard to digest
A face cream is used on your face not your hair
lamp has no memory ability
Staying up late is harmful for health
Headphones are used to listen to sound by placing them over the ears
Peaches are not square and hard .
Grocery stores don t sell cars .
Pens are usually made of plastic .
Water can exist in vacuum
There are less hours of sunlight in the winter so the days are shorter .
People do not go to dances to meet animals .
A church doesn t have the medical equipment for a delivery
A rocket is not a commuting vehicle
People don t yell when they are happy
Picnic does not the big game .
Nobody could eat a whole bird and no one eats ostrich .
Cloth bags cannot be waterproof .
THE PICTURE IS NOT A HUMAN
A sloth moves slow .
A fish swims in water .
A table does not show the time .
Bears are unable to recite words yet .
mud is made of dirt
Recreation centers do not have exhibits .
helicopters are too large to place above chairs
Bricks are to heavy for a plate .
Fences don t have leaves or branches
Pie cannot scrubbed .
Bike cannot used to cross the river .
Five lions are too large for one car
Musicians do not use paint .
Tigers do not eat bananas the would rather eat a monkey .
A garage cannot fit in a car .
FALL IS NOT A FACE
Baseball game requires two teams to take turns offensive and defensive
People don t walk around with firecrackers tied to them let alone go to school with them where they can potentially be kicked out .
You don t pour cake
Water is not used in barbecuing .
You do not need to brush your shoes everyday if ever .
School bus takes to school
Bread will not quench thirst
Firefighters job is putting out the fire and save people
CALORIES CANNOT LOSE WEIGHT
No one plays with shoe because it is not a game
potato is not a measure of intelligence
Engineers don t know how to cure diseases
The weapons of medieval soldiers does not include machine guns .
Birds are too small for people to ride on .
a park is not a place where you can get medical treatment
Zebras does not have spots .
A jackhammer is a large tool not meant for eating .
Planes park in airports instead of schools
A couch is too big to fit in the back of a car
A shirt cannot be turned on .
book does not have taste
Shoes are not edible .
Water can t burn .
Mice are afraid of cats
Books are not found in bins .
Rocks are not Christmas presents .
There is nothing to read in an open can .
A mirror can t comb hair .
Ben does not play the piano .
Face cream makes no sense of protecting skins from sunlight
Shuttle cork is used in Badminton games
Air conditioner cools the air when it works
A movie might not help a traveler in a new place
Babies are not able to give speeches .
Batman is the character in the movie not someone in the reality
Fans with external hanging blades would be much too dangerous .
door can be unlocked only with a key
A pen is an inanimate object the can not make an action on it s own .
there is only one president at any given time
Wolves are wild and not usually kept as pets .
Ice cubes can t produce heat
Gas does not belong in coffee
Houses are way too big to fit inside a person s nose .
Fish breaths through gills which cannot absorb oxygen on land .
A tenant would like to rent house with lower rent
Game cannot be read .
Fridge cannot be used as a pet .
Teachers work in schools so you will always see them there
Shredders are used for smashing files
The poor can afford the youth hostel but not the five star hotel
food is normally found in supermarkets
Women give birth to babies not basketballs
There are no showers at the circus .
A Banana is a food while a phone is an electronic device .
With the remote we can only change the channels not people .
You can not change air .
People go to prison for crimes not acts of kindness .
Supermarkets are not big enough for cars to drive inside .
You could eat an astronaut OUT but you can t eat inside them they re a person !
No one eats spoon
Sirens don t bark
Dogs don t talk .
Lava is too hot to swim in
A boby can t hold an adult .
The President doesn t make jokes
Apples do not grow on the moon .
Exercise can improve people s health
stones can not be drunk or eaten
You can t drink water from a phone .
Apples are not big enough to climb and don t grow flowers .
Snake is highly dangerous animal bite can cause death
A parrot doesn t work
Paper bags are biodegradable .
The bed is too small to play football .
you don t need to wash something thats already clean
People can t eat stones they are too big and hard .
Basketball isn t played with bats just with basketballs .
Coffee is a liquid that can be poured whereas a mug is a solid object .
CHOPPING BLOCK IS NOT A PAPER
An elephant is too big to get into a can .
Mars is the second planet in the solar system and Neptune is the last
An airplane is too big for a player to catch .
Dogs are sold in pet shops and astronauts are not for sell .
Explorers like to see animals in the wild .
financial companies do not work in the middle of the forest
A car is too big to fit
turtles are slow
Girls generally prefer to wear skirts .
water is non scratching .
No one can wear a car on his head
You can not plant a puppy and expect a puppy tree .
Movie theaters do not have the necessary amenities for use as a home .
Gloves are hand protectors and cannot be worn on the head .
lion is an animal
Camels are animals and cannot be worn by a person
Soldiers wouldn t text their opponents they are battling with they would kill them .
A curb is a place .
Sheila is human .
Hills do not require human care .
Hospitals are not where children are taken to learn .
carpets are not a type of transportation
The mall is too crowded to go jogging .
No one can print anything in coffee
Noses are able to smell scents .
the day before sunday is saturday
Michael Jackson died in 2009
A zebra cannot be used for cleaning a house .
you can t cut a knife with food
A spoon cannot be birth by this wife .
Van is much bigger than the house .
A house is too large to put on your head .
People have birthday cake during a birthday .
hammers are tools
Trees do not play basketball .
A pet shop would have items for animal not for clothing for humans .
turtles are slow
Once water is frozen it will keep its shape .
Dresses can be bought at the store but not stolen .
Supermarkets are usually not a place for a celebration .
an elephant is an animal and cannot be proposed
Opening the curtain will only let more sunlight in
Dogs do not know how to play basketball .
there are not cows at the store
People usually don t roll in mud after they bathe
thats night time dummy
A human can t live in a tree .
There is no days in an hour .
cookers are not vehicles
Lunchboxes or paperbags are used to carry lunches to work .
ONly plants can photosynthesize
One cannot jump out of the plane and safely land on the ground without a parachute
breaking his promises means he doesn t do what he says
It s impossible to put a car in a coat pocket .
A moose weighs more than a barbell .
A remote control does not give power to anything .
air can not be sealed as it is not a physical solid object but a gas
Ice cream will not help a fever .
A healthy human girl has only two
if pets are not fed they may die
Poison will harm or even kill you .
Dogs are not for putting in a fry pan .
Licking mud is a very dirty thing and people usually don t use their tongues to clean up the dirt .
Life for human in moon is not possible .
Tree are not having brain to make a movies
There is no benefit to sharpening any part of a table .
Recreation centers offer facilities for people to relax but museums offer exhibits
Mental patients may have problems solving math problems .
swimming is not flying
A cloud could not support a climbing monkey .
Leopards are thermostats
Bicycles are not pets .
Students are not in prisons .
A ball is an inanimate object it cannot chase anything
fire will be putout when one feels hot
There are no verifiable facts to judge whether or not the sentence is false .
elephant is big animal
Mayonnaise is a condiment
Ostriches cannot fly .
Humans aren t supposed to be kept on a leash
food is often left when it is too much not too little
Slamming someone is rude no one invite others in such a way
Dogs can t fly without wings
She cannot enjoy playing the rock
people ask questions not punishment .
Sweaters do not come from cans
Bamboo is not a tree
boiling water means it is hot
The basket is not a place to put garbage
Salmon cannot be sheered .
Video games are not used to make the quest for knowledge .
You can t buy groceries at home
a digital watch has not any pointers
Iron does not have the function of washing clothes
Baby can not drive .
It is impossible to have a new baby brother born every day .
Planes do not fly on strings .
Pants are not sold at greenhouses
Water is not detrimental to good sleep .
The Indian Ocean is one of the biggest oceans on Earth .
A needle is usually a thin sharp object that can easily puncture skin injuring a person .
Parents don t trust their children to travel alone .
A basin is something typically found in a bathroom or a word used to describe a location in low elevation where water exists .
A building doesn t fit in a bag
Golf is not violent
Apples are food .
Innocents can not be arrested .
Christmas tree is not a fruit tree
Aliens don t exist
boys do not have breasts like girls .
A wound is very painful
Not many people claim to have encountered a ghost .
Sulfuric acid is not edible .
Mirrors are reflective wood is non reflective therefore mirrors made of wood do not exist .
Cows are not musical instruments
Wood is too difficult for people to chew and lacks taste and nutritional value .
A giraffe cannot fit in an oven
Mud is too dirty for effective bathing .
The sun does not shine at night
Pigs can t sing to music at any time .
Spoons are used for eating not brushing teeth .
Foreign languages are difficult for most to learn .
Papers don t have memory so it can t storage songs .
for mixing wine bartender can use glass not mouth .
Bi means two .
Hair dryer can not clean clothes .
Poison is likely to kill the plants
A cup is to small to sleep in .
A fridge is an electrical appliance .
dog does not drive car
Jupiter is not a place to go .
A spoon is not food .
Brad Pitt is not a vacation destination
Ghost are not on labor day .
Birds fly they do not dance .
homosexuality is a sexual oreientation
Chicken is not a place a person can visit .
Students would not like being hurt by their teacher when they are in trouble .
the sidewalk is made for pedestrians and the road for cars
A house is too big to throw .
there is no ice cream which is hot
The odor of flowers doesn t cause discomfort to people .
A house doesn t have a sexuality
It is wise to trust truthful people .
It doesn t make sense to shower before lawn mowing .
Gasoline is not a solid to be spread on a bread .
the color purple is a mixture of blue and red
Coffee is not used to wash clothes .
Driving fast would increase the chances that a zebra would get hit .
A spatula does not have bristles .
Feet cannot be used to play basketball .
Tuning forks are used to make sure an instrument is in tune .
Milk is drunk rather than eaten .
frequent absences pay a price
Glue can be dangerous to drink .
his girlfriend is not responsible for his academic assignment
Insult makes one angry .
Stone is not human food
Dog cannot be born for human being
High fences are taller than ourselves and we cannot jump them
Walls cannot talk .
Lack of evidence normally leads to the acquittal of the suspects .
he didnot got tree
A giraffe is too large to fit into a backpack .
Humans can t go that fast .
The Great Wall is much longer than 6700 meters
Male person can t get pregnant only females can be .
Black pepper is too small to contain any kind of food .
Plumbing has to do with water which has no influence on a television
Breathing fire is not something humans can do .
Mount Everest is too big for a person to jump over .
You can not find on an apple tree are pears .
Houses do not have friends
the oil would only make it burn even hotter
Stones are inedible
Rain cannot used as a shelter .
The sun is not a place where anything can be stored or things fetched from .
TV s are inanimate objects that have no emotions nor nears .
Exercise does not help hunger .
People do not like doing boring things and if and when they do them it is despite of them being boring and not because of it .
A travel agency isn t an emergency service during a car accident .
leaves are on the outside of the grapes .
Cars do not walk they drive .
Moon is not the place for living .
Blood is present in living things mountain is a nonliving thing
The supermarket does not provide hair cutting services
Soaps can remove stain and oil from things .
A display is not heard .
Sugar is not a spicy food .
Mud will make you dirty
Candy canes are useless in a bathroom
Computer games don t have paint brushes .
It is impossible to walk on water and people typically don t intentionally walk through small amounts either .
A kitchen does not have bath facilities .
The moon is too far away to walk on .
A garden hose usually puts out water too quickly to make it easy to drink from .
Eating with a comb would be both messy and unsanitary .
Concrete block is too heavy
The kitchen is the place for cooking but not for surgery .
Basic supply and demand ecomonics show that the rarer the service higher expertise the higher the pay .
Tuition fees cannot be paid by the schools .
Eyeballs are smooth and round .
Black pigments can be dyed black
A person cannot marry an animal .
I can t lose my shoes when I put them on
An opera is a place for entertainment and not crime .
Heart attacks rarely occur in people under 60 .
You cannot eat rubberbands .
Remotes are not phones
Goldfish don t take tests .
The desert has no water .
refrigerator is an appliance in the kitchen not game
Eight year olds are not allowed to drive .
lawyer never give treatment for body
Furniture does not include watch .
Rocks are solid .
Cleaner s aren t the best people to ask questions about prices at the mall
You listen to things that produce only sound like radio
if he lit a bed its burned
You don t give gifts to toys
A light cannot be dark it does not create darkness
Fire is not something you can drink
Smoothies are not cooked
Tofu is a thing where Jim cannot stand .
American is not a kind of language and American people speak English
Cosmetics are not sold at prayer halls .
A commercial airplane is too big to be swatted .
Televisions are opaque
sand is used only in buildings and not in food
She cannot be a woman and a dragon
Knives are sharp and dangerous .
chocolate bars cannot accommodate people inside them
No one uses trash to put on makeup .
Earrings go in the ear not around the neck .
There is more water on earth than land .
soup is not used for taking bath
Gravity pulls objects towards the ground making it impossible for most objects to rise .
The football couldn t fly through the air if it was square .
Tables do not have eyes .
toothpaste is a dental item
octopuses don t live in the forest where people usually go hunting .
A table is where you put things on
A piano is played with fingers and is not a wind instrument that can be blown into .
fighting with people does not help with mental disorders .
An oak tree grows upon land .
woman is not believes in ufos
A supermarket isn t something a school would have any interest in building as it is not education related .
Polar bears live in the arctic .
Oxygen is the main as people and animals breathe
A lamp does not make sound .
BUILDING IS NOT A BREAKFAST TO EAT
Ships can only go in deep water
DOG CAN T SPEAK TO ANY ONE
Straws are used for consuming liquids .
Planes have engines that make them fly much higher than a kite .
Detergent is for dishes not for hair .
ROSE IS KIND OF FLOWER
Women give birth to children and men do not .
Suits do not help with packing
The pizza will not cook or stay frozen in the refridgerator .
tables don t move
dirty is not usually associated with a refined mind
Pests can not read .
A boat does not have legs .
Pet dogs can t be put in the suitcase
You purchase cards and flowers in stores .
Running burns more calories than walking according to science
A chandelier is a heavy light fixture and is not designed to be worn .
Myopia mirror is concave lens
Tigers don t eat bamboo
Snakes spray venom .
a cow can only live on the ground
giraffes do not fit in taxis
A table made of foam cannot bear any weight .
ambulances have only one route to the patient and back to the hospital the return trip is always to a hospital
Fire involves heat and will evaporate liquids or consume them
The tire is not food
A lion cannot cook .
Customers will be less triggered to buy a phone that lacks of innovation
Most restaurants have daily specials but not all restaurants do .
Pens do not have doors .
MISTAKES NEVER MAKE EXCITE FEEL
Pandas are an endangered species .
an umbrella is not something that can be eaten
Mummy don t take care of families
The volume gets more louder when you turn up the volume of the T .V
A turtle moves slowly to take one far away .
Jumping out off a fourth floor window most likely would lead to injury or death
Vet deals with animals
The bedroom is a place to sleep not to fly a kite .
a travel agency is not helpful when dealing with a theft
Slippery floor will make people fall
A hoover can not bake
Sky is not green
Salmon don t exist in a lion s natural habitat .
Mercury is not flammable .
Students have no right to choose class representatives
terrorism attacks and kill people
you don t use gasoline to clean your mouth
You can t go to college at the age of two
It s dangerous for fish likes cats
Pencils won t keep you from getting wet .
One cannot cook in the sink .
There isn t any alcohol in Coke .
A lamp is an inanimate object .
A police officer s job is to catch criminals .
No one built the Sun .
ELEPHANT IS NOT A KEY TO USED TO GET INTO HER CAR
The sun is not a cold object .
Diamonds are too expensive to make locks from .
Hoe s wife has nothing to do with his transportation
Water in fridge will become cold
As time progresses one will become older .
Sun sets in the west
Water is too wet and cold to barbecue with .
NO ONE USED A JACKHAMMER TO ATE SOUP
Clothes are still worn and mostly considered mandatory
Most people will feel happy when they finish watching a comedy .
A race is too expensive of an undertaking for someone s birthday .
Lions don t live in cold climates like Antarctica .
we can t hear a noice outside the plane when we stay inside of it
A person can t fit under a bus
Electromagnetic waves can propagate in any substance
Light has to be seen .
breaking the rules is punishable
Knitting cannot produce a meal .
You pay before you go to your destination .
Monkeys aren t typically collected
Spaceship is used for universal discovery .
Dogs are carnivorous
A cook can t help you if you re sick .
America is not something that can be created by a human
Cabinets are warm and the ice cream will melt
happiness is good for people so it will not cause problems .
water cannot roast food
Sand is a solid substance . A boat cannot sail on solid substances .
The person that needs to travel should learn the language because they are the one who will need to use it .
the plane doesn t fit on the highway
Plastic is not the raw material for paper towels
Light music is calming and soft
One takes a bath generally in tub which is located in a bathroom and not a kitchen which is used for cooking .
no one takes a helicopter to school
People get older as time goes by
Tetris is not a house is a a videogame
A stick is used to support a weak person to walk to hit and it cannot wipe away anything . So this sentence is nonsensical
grocery shop does not sell car
The Potala Palace is not located in Xinjiang .
No humans live on the moon .
kitchen has only cooling facility
Bicycles don t use gas .
Ice cream cannot keep anything warm
You buy food at a supermarket it s not a hairdresser Tom !
A nose is useful to help you identify a scent .
Nails would not be comfortable as seats .
Clothes aren t normally kept in a bowl .
Nothing is sale in a garage .
A while isn t a thing that can be ridden on .
Completing the work will lead to a calming effect .
happiness cannot transfer messages .
Dogs are pets and don t have control over people
Oven is not a place to make silicon chip .
Hole punches are for making holes not staplers .
Oil is not something a person would typically drink
Cups do not help keep people dry when it s raining .
There are many species of animals that can move faster than man .
Dinosaurs could live in the depths of the ocean as long as they are aquatic
Atmosphere cannot cleaned by the mop .
hospitals give treatment to save life
Wooden Chairs are not edible .
A table can not sit
Air is not strong enough to stop a bus .
Traffic regulations stipulate that you must stop when there is a red light but across when there is a green light
Cats do not belong in fish tanks .
After destruction of an enemy one gains strength so he cannot lose .
hotel does not have weights and workout arrangements
A gorilla wouldn t fit in the oven .
The classroom cannot hold thousands of people
Lighter can t make phone calls
The planet is huge
people do not normally offer guests knifes
Breakfast is for morning eating
Picking up a car sounds like slang and a car is too heavy to lift .
eating sweets and snacks makes you gain weight
Between six and twelve children grow taller .
There isn t enough time before bed to do everything .
Paint would make the fruit inedible .
Viruses typically have negative effects on health
The correct term is mice .
Water is a liquid that cannot be cut into slices .
You can do many things with a lathe .
Icecream is served cold .
meat is the food and therefore cannot eat the dog .
Remotes do not have communication abilities .
there s no wall made of water
Dogs are not likely to be in an office
There is no way to type on a floor
Balls will come down once thrown up
Sad stories make people cry .
He can not eats human meat .
weapons can also be found in some magazines .
He cannot eat water because water is not a solid .
People do not use rockets to get to school
You should only use diesel fuel in a diesel engine .
Greasy food increases risk of cardiovascular disease a doctor would not reccomend that .
You can t text through a lunch box
Bread doesn t fit and can t open the door .
Snakes have no hands to do their homework
A waiter serves food and is not a liquid .
You hit a golf ball with a golf club .
Fire is not something you can take
Trees do not grow lower than roses as seen in everyday life .
Bed can t ate .
There are no medicines or doctors at a restaurant
Trees are so big so no flag will be that big
You go to jail when you ve committed a crime .
A table is not high enough to kill people
Your liver is an internal organ and wouldn t be put into a schoolbag
Most people need silence for study
Smart phones are unable to play basketball .
Sandals are open toed so the do not keep the warmth inside them .
Groves are not clothing
barber trims only hair
Cows are vegetarians .
Teeth are never found in ears .
Shoe cannot be used to put in his hand .
Cats don t drink alcohol .
An elephant s meat is not used for Thanksgiving .
Walking is allowed in public spaces .
babies go in crib s not cages
beef is not drink
lawnmowers are for cutting grass not carpets
Jujubes do not produce a lot of water .
A shelf is too big to fit on a book .
You can not drive on water
dogs don t have wings to fly
CAT IS NOT A VESSEL TO PUT IN DISHWASSER
Copy shredders cannot be used to copy files only to destroy them .
Stars are high in the sky and don t attack .
Breaking a plate is a negative action that does not generate positive feedback .
whales can t live outside of water
Goldfish do not shed anything outside of their tank
The moon revolves around the earth
The distance from China to America is too far to swim across in two days
you don t drink or ingest gasoline thats for cars and shit
The sun is not something that lays down or naps
People are not praised for disloyalty only loyalty .
Milk promotes sleep and does not refresh people .
No one wants dirty water .
BIKE IS NOT A LETTER TO POST ON POSTBOX
restaurant does not has writer job
One cannot make a trash can to a mother .
Medicines are not generally bitter .
Scenery is the best one to help an audience visualize the simulated environment rather than movie
Dogs are genetically inclined to have meat as part of their natural diet
Staples would not be able to hold houses together .
The temperature of the sun is very high
There are other cities where you can visit the Great Wall .
MAN CAN ONLY HIT THE BALL
ordinary pencils have no moving parts
Only a heavy fall can break a bone
Each foot contains 5 toes
No one is ever allotted a job just based on their looks .
Plastic bags are not edible .
playing would not help the achievement of the assignment
Spaceships are used in space not water
A bathroom is too small to adequately or realistically walk a dog in .
French is the language of France
Basketballs are not ammunition and are too large to fit into a pistol .
bottles are not design to write with them
Sheep don t live in the sea they live on land .
NO ONE USED PLASTICS AS A MASK TO PROTECT AGAINST SUNSHINE
Blocks are too big for microwaves .
Petrol is inflammable and it will boost the fire
a cup of water is too small in volume to be used for washing feet .
A fox can t fly
Artificial foods are not by definition the actual foods they emulate .
A tiger has only stripes not spots
Twinkies can not help you breath .
LAVA IS NOT A CREAM
PE teachers do not teach math .
You need a map when you travel .
Ordinary clothes would not protect astronauts from low pressure .
Dog have no photographic function
July only has 31 days
Wineries can t serve liquor
Bacteria have no emotions
Weeds are considered a nuisance .
Christmas is a holiday when few people work
the ink marks on the clothes are difficult to wash off
Jumping is not the best exercise .
Smiles can t be bought
LAWN MOWER IS A MACHINE
Delis do not have swimming pools .
Money cannot buy a psychological state .
The moon doesn t change sizes the light that helps us see it changes and that affects what shape it looks to us
Washing your feet is not necessary before eating .
The concrete cant be mowed
The sun is not blue because it is yellow and orange .
Mars is a planet
The fridge is not alive .
A ham cannot fit on my feet
Loud speakers are not able to be used as telephones .
A dumbell is not food it is metal .
No one likes a rude person much less a trouble maker .
A book would fall out of your hand if you were asleep .
Sand is not edible .
getting good grades is the result of working hard not the cause
A car is to big to eat and is not edible .
Nobody eats a cookie to taste iron and if you do taste iron is that it tastes awful .
Air does not contains in the universe .
Milk comes in containers usually plastic or glass .
People don t produce blue skin pigment .
Pamela is not a man s name .
You can only drink wine .
You can t teach with your nose
There is no knife but some snowflakes in the sky .
Nothing can fly in magma
Animals do not speak so one can only chat at the animals not with them .
table is not a living thing
No one is too old to study breathing .
Little Caesars doesn t sell fried chicken they sell pizza
man cannot fit inside a pen
You bring a football to play football
Cleaners clean rooms they do not screen calls
The Statue of Liberty is not located in Canada .
Tar is actually dark black
Telescope does not bake .
An X ray is an image .
dancing does t help his programming job .
Bamboo is not tree .
doctor examines body only
Trucks cannot fly .
A giraffe is too tall for a tub .
A thermostat measures temperature .
A rat is much smaller than cat a rat cant kill a cat
You don t swim in a hospital .
poison cannot cure disease .
Chairs do not feel pain .
People should wear clothes if they are going to be walking around where others can see them .
Groceries are found in a grocery store .
Fish cannot run
Balloons are not found in any bus stations .
A state cannot be covered by a blanket .
It is not usual for an employee to be given this level of responsibility
Music is not cookable
you can t play a television
no one builds a house in another house .
Cars do not help develop interpersonal skills
Heaven is not a place in this world so people cannot travel there .
Laptops cannot be on the oven but on desks
You use your legs when riding a bike .
kid is not powerful to leading the country
Lion is a wild animal .
you have 5 toes
Skyscrapers are supposed to be buildings that can not have oceans
there is no conclusive evidence that aliens exist
Fork is a tool to eat solid substances
The clock is an object and cannot be lazy
moon is near to earth
Bread is not a type of liquid .
only one day a year is his birthday
China is an Asian country
Boys do not wear high heels .
February has no more than 29 days
storage doesn t has adventure
Iron will sink in the water so its density is bigger than water
crocodile is a animal and animal never smoke a cigar
Rabbit cannot eat a bottle
Injuries cause pain .
Theater is a place to watch movie
Education is not a lifetime pursuit .
When crossing the street we should concentrate on the road but not our phones
people don t eat metal
Sharks are not wearable items .
Two meters is not considered walking .
A hug is when two people put their arms around each other
The rock does not climbed up the tree .
Monkey s don t teach .
Strawberries are not black unless they are really rotten .
democracy not a recipe
Dentists specialize in teeth not ears .
The earth revolves around the sun
Stone is a kind of minerals .
Letters cannot be "laughed . "
Kittys are real and small
The TV would make more noise turned on .
Watching films is not a large part of usual school activities .
Pluto is the farthest planet from the sun .
A horse does not have a steering wheel to drive .
The milk would just spill over the table .
High scores do not equate popularity .
A comb is for your hair . It does not have the electronics ability to tape anything .
You do not meet birds at dances
NO ONEEATS STONES AS FOOD
Cancer is a disease and does not make sense to be used to describe what a bridge does
Stone has no display screen
Romance movie is mostly romantic love stories so it isn t exciting nor violent .
a pitcher is not a climbing tool
Kites need wind to fly .
A piano is too large to place on a computer .
You cannot see with your ears .
Starbucks is a coffee retail they do not show movies in Starbucks .
Lotus cannot survive on land .
I don t have a spaceship to go for a walk at the moon .
Chilies are spicy so if he doesn t like spicy food he shouldn t eat chilies .
An ant doesn t have legs long enough to ride a bike
Cash isn t available at the police station
Cancer is often caused by smoking .
A governor does not use anesthesia .
Rocks do not have mouths and cannot eat .
the teacher will be unhappy for students being absent
Wine should not be consumed by children .
A hamburger does not have to have a tomato
You eat Twinkies
People only have two eyes .
Light is faster than sound so sound cant come before light when there is lightning .
usually kitchen is used to cooking food
mountain does not has pearls
A truck will not fit on a bed .
Tree is not a place to live for rats .
You can t scrub a cactus
When someone is injured that someone typically addresses the injury before the appetite .
Paper is a material used for writing drawing or printing on or as wrapping material
Rocks do not need to be watered
People sleep on beds and towels are used for drying the body so he would not sleep on a towel but in a bed .
A sword is typically larger than a knife .
There are no roads to mars
cereal boxes contain cereal not gold
the table is not a hand to write it
Iron is not an ingredient used when making noodles .
A train is too big to be inside a car .
An enemy only tries to harm you as he hates you .
Ants are the opposite of huge
cookies shouldn t be kept in a moist place because they ll get soggy .
Pluto is too far from the sun and can not sustain life .
Deaf person can see So they do not need anyone to guide them .
When you look at the Moon it is either white or yellow depending on what time it is .
Toothpaste is not plant .
Coffees contains caffeine which speed up the blood flow and increase energy levels .
people use lift to go up and down not car
Dry curing is used for cold cuts not cheese .
Ovens don t show TV .
The rock paper scissors is a game played by at least two people
A suit is a type of clothing item .
Mars is not inhabited .
I can by books in book stores .
LIBRARY IS NOT A COOKING PLACE
The sun does not make to freeze .
Make up is used to enhanced one s features for improvement in looks not to make one look worse .
Chairs are not eatable
There is no valid reason in this statement as to why most people in Japan are experiencing heart attacks .
Fire hydrants do not have firing mechanisms
a human drinks the water .Water does not drink a human
TIRES ALWAYS IN ROUND SHAPE
Permanent marker is permanent where as almost all crayons are made to be washable .
Cars belong in the garage .
A person can get exercise on a treadmill but a treadmill cannot get exercise on a person .
Soap has a purpose and is used for something .
You do not wear boxes to the beach
Vegetarian do not eat animals so beans she can eat .
no one turns on the fan when its already cold
A hairbrush is not used for hair cutting .
Dogs are less flexible than human beings .
Shirts are typically not worn this way .
People live in buildings and not trees .
Washing machine doesn t have house cleaning features .
CAT IS SMALLER THAN MAN
A deli is for serving food not for swimming .
Bars don t have exercise equipment
victim is not a judge to defendant to life in prison
Plastic is a product that does not occur in nature and is man made only .
Journalists do not write codes .
There is no air in the water
There is not technology available for homes to be self cleaning .
boiling water is too hot for comsumption .
Cats don t box .
The desk lamp cannot illuminate the room .
staying up late will make people feel more tired
Sandwiches cannot be used to write .
A drill is not a writing implement .
Most plants can t grow in salt water .
no one see things with ears .
You don t study at parties .
Sunlight is small enough to pass through a mosquito net .
Kitchen knives are for cutting .
There is no environment suitable for human habitation on the moon
a lake is not the right place for skiing
Biologists are not very good at physics
Ocean water is salt water and salt is not sweet .
A bikini will not protect your clothing .
A tree is an immovable thing which cannot run .
driving to the supermarket causes pollution so it is not enviormentally friendly
HORSE RAN FASTER THAN HER
One does not sleep when the sun sun falls down to wake up .
BALL IS NOT A GUITAR
human is not strong enough to pick up a train
A puppy barks but not a siren
doctor treats patients
Glue is used to stick items rather than wipe pencil marks
Einstein came after Newton .
Drinking more cold drinks can lead to gastrointestinal discomfort .
Plants are green due to chlorophyll
no any hotels sell patrol for us
SANDPAPER MAKES SCRATCH ON CAR
Icecream cannot be baked and is made in Freezer .
The oven it s not a place to put a laptop
There are two Mary s mentioned so its not possible there is just one .
Fire burns hands .
Stone can t be used to play games
You can t drive a car to the moon .
Water is not good for engines .
A rocking chair only rocks and cannot fly given that it is a piece of furniture .
Humans don t usually shut down shut down is typically used to describe technology .
A rock concord does not exist .
arms cannot help animals fly
People exercise outside when it s sunny and not when it s rainy .
A soap should be in a soap dish .
The dead cannot speak .
Tabloids are bias stories made as a drama cash grab .
You don t receive presents on President s Day .
You win money in a lottery not people .
Ice is a frozen item and is cold and wouldn t be used to heat anything .
A blanket can keep one warm against low temperature
That much milk would make you sick .
A university in the local city is actually near your home .
Beaches are low .
Roads are for cars .
There are no laws requiring marriage .
Car is a road vehicle and cannot be used for space travel
Birds cannot speak .
human beings belong to higher animals
Children don t create microscopes and microscopes are not created at the beach .
the house is bigger than the man
Every step should be explained when teaching .
The remote control doesn t have the ability to amplify songs .
Punishment cannot be asked for .
santa claus livie in west
You can not extract wine from rocks .
Animals can not understand human language and talk back
Shoes are not a liquid and you can t drink them .
girls want to show their beauty in front of boys they have a crush on
peaches are not able to be stuck in .
Soap is not sharp and cannot be used to cut anything .
The library is a place where you can rent books .
A rocking chair can only rock on the ground .
Vegetarian restaurants do not offer to serve chicken fry
Wood is a thing which we cannot eat .
Fish are not in mountains .
A pizza is something you eat not wear
birds don t fly in the oceon
the bike sinks into the water
Burritos are a mexican food .
Air is not an object and can not be sat on .
ginger is too big to put side people s eyes
Gold is not food .
Curtains block light from the room
A onesie would not be appropriate attire for a formal wedding
Getting married is not the requirement for getting PhD degree
A television won t fit on a finger .
A buiding is much too large to be eaten by a person .
Boats do not go under water .
Most dogs have two eyes .
Fire hydrants are pointy and thus you cannot sleep on them .
Ovens are dirty and not equipped for clothing storage .
People walk through parks going under would mean you somehow go underground .
no animal can survive inside a volcano
GIRAFFES DOES NOT NEED GROCERY ITEMS
there cannot be more than one father for a person
There is no much need for hospitals to install blackboards
It s impossible to mount an ant
Eating a baseball wouldn t make for a good breakfast . It is a sports product .
Actors can t be created by a cameraman .
WINTER IS VERY COOL IN NORTHERN
Dinosaurs are imaginary animals that do not walk on streets
Most people find hamburgers to be a heavy meal and it is recommended to eat something light for breakfast .
A sniper rifle cannot shoot that far
A building is not food .
Mice will get eaten by cats .
rockets are not plants
Pitchers are used for drinking
Teachers do not serve airline passengers as part of their jobs .
Beef is a solid food .
no one marries a pen as it is not a human
It would be incredibly dangerous to hold a tiger .
Children are not mature enough to be legally responsible for their actions .
Yoga is slowly doing excercise
If it was a satisfactory job he would be happy .
Squids are not land animals and can only on the ocean
Cactus is solid and not drinkable .
a cat is not good for the hair
giraffes have a much longer neck than humans
houses don t fit in purses
Humans eat food .
burning energy makes you lose weight
When you move you have to put things in boxes not take them out .
wind cannot blow trees into the sky
Lemon juice is tart rather than sweet .
Dolphins cannot live on land
A whale cannot swim on a prairie .
February only has 29 days at most
Kindergarten is for very young kids
It s not possible for someone to fall up .
Theory is not complete until put to practice
A cup does not fit in the toaster
A light bulb can be replaced and air can not .
cars cannot fly in the sky
Rocks cannot be fired from guns
If nobody went to Joe s Pub then it wouldn t be crowded .
Bacteria can t make noise .
swimming in the lava is not only hot but very dangerous
A cat can t be a table because it s an animal
A butcher sells meat not phones
This is illogical because pigeons are about 60 cm .
A baby is not found in legs .
We still survived without the Internet 20 years ago .
Lava is too hot to swim in .
You can t run a chicken
Engines and other such motorized equipment requiring a catalyst don t operate on water .
Plumbers work on water and sewer pipes .
Lion cannot hold in baskets
You can t effectively walk an insect .
Atomic bomb is not a living creature .
The stove is for cooking .
Men do not have the organs needed to carry a baby .
people s eyes are not suitable for eating foods
No one eats raw meat it is not good for health .
generally speaking parents would like to see their children study well
A dog is to big and heavy to put on your head .
If a phone lacks innovation it won t sell well
there is only one moon and countless stars
Exercise doesn t make you sad but is good for mental health .
Potato sack cannot be wearied to work .
Television is a device used to watch motion pictures
some animals are not aggressive
Monkeys cannot do math problems .
systems are not foot shped .
A furnace is not used to bake pizzas
teachers usually don t teach at flights
Trains have no connection to the internet .
An apple is a whole food and unable to be drunk without being juiced .
Cats suffercates after being in water for too long
Cement is inedible in part because it s heavy .
Snack should only be eaten at snack time
If someone acts badly One hates it .
A desk is made out of wood which cannot be eaten .
CHAINSAW IS NOT A BALL TO PLAY
Business card cannot used to pay the bill .
The respiratory organ of fish is gill .
People remain slim by controlling how much they eat
Goats are too small to ride
Because soup dishes belong in the kitchen
scissors use for cloth cutting
One cannot read a megacity .
A cow does not have hands .
Cartoon characters are fictional .
punching hurts people
a bowl is usually for food not for the clothes
Plastics cannot absorb ultraviolet rays
Ice is by nature cold and frozen
A whale is too heavy to throw
Water is essential to the human body
It has 9 brains
Beaches are on sea level so they cannot be high .
State flowers are unique to each state .
Monkeys do not have wings .
criminal doesn t need to look a country
It would not be convenient to travel very far to take a metro to work .
Aisle seat don t have window thus people can t have a better view outside
Churches are not known to engage in combat or conflict .
People can not ride on turtles
Soccer is not something that you play in tennis court .
sand doesn t ignite
Girls are not boys .
We cannot use school bag to store clothes for travelling .
A teacher is not trained or qualified to repair automobiles .
Everyone cannot have had a drink if some did not .
The temperature of the frrezer is too cold and nothing can be heated on it
Philosophy is not what Einstein was known for .
Nobody sets a toilet for dinner .
Pizza can be eaten but concrete can not be eaten .
There are much better activities for children
human only lit the cigarette not the dog .
monkeys can only live in the zoo or the wild
Newborn infants cannot speak
A dog is not a computer accessory
an instrument made of glass would break .
pancake is not a living thing to eat
dogs cannot bend their body
A pig is a physical creatures and cannot consist of letters .
children don t love doing chores
You don t go to a gas station to buy medicine .
Mice have fur
shake is liquid mix with other ingredients so it is not crispy
Cleaning must be done by someone with opposable thumbs .
Poor people are suffer even to earn little more money .
Most birds fly
Eggs are from chickens
Stones do not have feelings .
A bridge can not be present in the sky .
oxygen mask is not large enough to cover both head and hands
Drugs are developed by medical professionals .
Spiders are miniscule in comparison to a controller
mother doesn t appreciate her son for this bad behavior .
The wedding cake is a non living item
You can t live under a rock . It s to small .
a trampoline is not sentient and cannot jump
Computers are not edible .
A tie can be worn with a suit but a tree cannot be wore with a suit .
If you breathe in water you will choke .
Boys rarely wear nail polish .
Lions are wild animals .
people need to clear their luggage with customs not cleaners .
when a person win things they usually feel positive
plastic is produced
laundromats are for washing clothes
Whales do not have legs and thus can not dance or even walk .
A silver spoon is too hard to eat .
Excitement doesn t make you forget things .
The phone has to be picked up before being able to be put down .
Height is determined by genetics .
People gain weight from junk food .
A hamster cannot fit into a gun .
PEOPLE USUALLY EAT APPLE PIES DURING SPRING FESTIVAL .
Vegetables are not furniture .
you cannot throw a body of water as large as the sea
scissors are sharp metal objects
No one can do the task if its boring
You do not wash soap you use it to wash other things .
Post offices are used for sending mails
cat is animal animals are not park in the garage
The army cannot is full of potatoes .
Milk doesn t go in the freezer
People do not wear dirty clothes .
houses cannot be fed as they are not living organisms
the number of rats is very large in the world
Bikes cannot be tied
A salami is not considered beautiful .
EYES ARE USED TO BE WATCH NOT TO HEAR THINGS
david fred and paul are guy names
Planets are too large to fit in treasure chests .
A MAN SHOULD CAN T LIVE IN THE MOON .
A cellphone can not be used to hit the baseball .
A boxing match is all about boxing .
DOGS GIVE BIRTH TO POPPY
Taking cold medicine is not illegal and will not be arrested .
Violins are used for music not food .
Vinegar would ruin coffee .
An iron is used for getting wrinkles out of clothes and a microwave is used for heating up food .
Lightning does not cause flooding .
Affected by the living environment Southerners seldom eat noodles .
Alcohol dulls the memory .
A record player cannot play a compact disc .
Cities are too big to fit inside people
Rocks are collected not harvested .
Hairdressers do not perform health check ups on animals .
Sharks living in water cannot be found on land
The cook s job is to cook not healing
no one can read with closed eyes
Toaster is not necessary for a walk .
Beethoven played music
Glass is too hard to be happily chewed .
Trains are slow moving and have multiple stops along the way so not a quick way to get anywhere .
Breathing is the action of bringing in oxygen and flushing out carbon dioxide .
Rabbits are to small to ride
Spoon is not a cloth
Plates don t open
baking machine is for baking cake not melting iron
earth is not a star
Tiger is too big to be in small bottles .
A contest is something to be part of and not just read .
most cars pollute the air
At noon there is light so the garden can not look dark .
To get food we need to cook or order from outside books can only provide knowledge .
Soda bottles cannot ring and can not be answered unlike a phone which can be answered .
All state flowers are different .
KITCHEN APPLIANCES DOESN T GIVE JOB
UMBRELLA IS USED FOR RAIN NOT FOR FIRE
Batteries do not go in microwave could cause a fire .
Body lotion is not just for hands .
Bread isn t purchased at the movies .
mammals engage in live births
The feet cannot sing .
Testosterone is a hormone found more than a estrogen in men .
Horses do not have gas tanks .
Swords are not alive
chocolates or nonliving beings and they do not eat
Hippos are one color .
A library has neither the equipment nor the personnel to handle a knee operation .
there is no logical link between surprise and a bird
Pets are kept in cages or free .
gold does not occur in the sky
Usually forest have very few building or no buildings at all
A lamp can not talk or recite because it is not living .
Cats cannot be read .
Cement is poisonous for humans .
deserts doesn t a good place for deserts
rain clouds are dark and typically block the sun
the sky is not a metal
desk lamps are for illuminating the darkness of the room not the room itself
There are often many bacteria in the river water which can not be drunk without treatment
people do not stay in the fridge .
rice is not a metal to make medal
Honey is not the food of squirrels
A fox cannot fly .
Flowers don t grow on stones
Typically you only have one neck and 10 fingers .
Sunlight evaporates water and means that the flood tables are likely low so floods are unlikely .
Plane is much bigger than the car .
The sail cannot blow the wind because only the wind can push the sail
A cloud does not have writing on it to read
There isn t a programming language named A .
Pillows are not electrical powered .
Trousers are ling pants shorts are shorter in length .
Cow cannot spread the secret .
You can t buy a car at a cafeteria only food and drink .
Armor is used to protect oneself in battle not cooking .
The sun is too hot to make you freeze
Alcohol will make people drunk
excessive bleeding will make one s body weak
You can t make fire using sand .
A car is too big to carry .
Combs are used to comb hair
A plate would sink if you were on it in the ocean .
a university does not have doctors and nurses
grass cannot be black unless it is burnt
Gym is the place for exercising
Chicken s have claws for feet and don t need to wear shoes .
Criminals are selected by means of their activity
Temperature does not change due to tools
The dirt cannot be washed .
There will be no state highways between the countryside
Comic books are meant for reading not annotating .
Small animals lack the intelligence required to process the education offered in schools for humans .
Cars don t need apples as apples are food .
The sun does not come out at night .
Egg yolks are yellow not blue
Honey water has no cleaning function bath cream does .
A washing machine can only wash rinse and dry .
As it name suggests a keyboard must have distinct keys for several uses its one
The sea is blue .
Couches are furniture and therefore do not produce steam .
Tigers are not children and can harm you or kill you .
"Potato " and "Tomato " both are different in their shapes colors nutrients and taste are different .
A desk on wheels is not designed for the handicapped to get around
It is illegal to drink and drive and impairs a person s driving ability .
Wild African animals don t own and can t use phones .
You cannot drive to the moon in a car .
A bird can t breath in a refrigerator .
A son can t be older than his father .
Clothes at a shop are not damaged
Your hair has no senses
A human cannot turn into a loaf of bread .
Stubbing your toe is painful
Guns cannot be obtained from libraries
Betrayal doesn t call for reverence .
Shopping has sidewalks for people to transit .
The market isn t a quiet place for a patient to recover .
Tomorrow is the future and has not happened yet .
Lightening can cause fires not flooding .
Penguins live at the South Pole not the North Pole
on a radio program you don t cook
basketballs are too large for tennis rackets
Oil accelerates fire .
Tigers are too dangerous to ride .
A horse is too big to put in a car .
It is not possible to connet an item to an outlet without a plug .
Pigs cannot fly
Crocodiles will bite you but won t suck blood .
mountains are too heavy .
Healthy food is fresh .
Planes are in the sky .
Rocks do not melt by sitting in the sun .
Nothing can fly in the seawater .
Oranges do not come from palm trees .
A game cannot experience things
Sand paper would severely hurt the anus and no sane person would wipe their asses with it .
Pigs lack the ability to sing .
cause you cant put a physical thing into a computer
pillows is not to eat
It s not hygienic to mix wine with your mouth . Nobody wants to drink it .
Tomato is not a necessary part of a hamburger .
The job of a farmer is to grow crops .
People die without oxygen
washing machines cannot be used for travelling
Rock is much bigger than a Mary .
Advertising boards are not used for cutting .
stove is used to cook potatoes but cannot be cooked
Virtually all chickens have legs ergo one cannot see a chicken without legs .
chair is made of wood and dog does not eat it
Doctors do not practice medicine at restaurants .
Watches cannot make calls as cell phones
It is not possible to swim in the classroom because there is no water .
A human cannot fit through a keyhole
A star is in the sky .
Dogs can not driving but the human can
Restaurants do not have movies
soap water can make bubbles not mineral water .
The cinema is for recreation and not for lessons .
people is unable to fly kites in the river .
Tree s leaves had not turned blue beacuse trees leaves never turned into blue
no person live in moon
Mobile phones do not have shells
This is impossible for many reasons one being that the entire universe hasn t even been around that long .
Keys have no storage space
all monkeys have eyes
Glue is sticky and not clean
he needed the help of a computer to finish his work
Sandals can be worn to work but a tree can not be worn .
Cups cannot amplify and record sound .
lions are not sea creatures and cannot swim
Birthdays are on the same date every year
Broth isn t used in smoothies
A cell phone can be turned on but a shirt cannot be turned on .
Bows are too large to be loaded on an arrow .
A babysitter does not know anything about cars .
People do not eat sand .
Clothes are not put in a refrigerator they are put in a dresser .
A hat is something that goes on your head .
DVDs cannot store water inside them .
Earphones have no screen
You cannot make a living out of eating hair .
PANDA IS NOT AN EXAMINATION
Sports are played only outside classrooms .
The courier is not a delivery profession .
water is not have a shape
Objects lack the capacity to have thoughts .
Hats go on your head while shoes go on your feet .
A person cannot throw a lion and animals are not used in football .
A train is too big to fit in a car
Man cannot live under the sea .
people sleep with quilt instead of lion .
building a plane can be done without learning English .
Bicycles run on pedal power instead of gas .
Coke is just a drink .
Somebody who shot an own goal would not be happy .
A bus doesn t go all the way to space
Beaches are at a sea level so they cannot be high
Trains are unable to go as fast as a plane .
doctors do not sell coffee .
Stars are located far away in the universe no where near the earth .
humans is a person . Can not give it to someone else
The direction of rotation of the earth is from west to east
the moon is in outer space
There are some people from other countries liking kimchi
Being early is a good thing
Stone is incapable of action
A bridge is not alive .
The noun Work cannot make money
Cotton is a cellulosic fiber and is not digestable by humans .
Teachers are more knowledgeable than the students .
mildewed bread tastes awful and is harmful to people s health
cat is powerful than rat
Peeping at someones personal diary is considered impolite
Dogs may be intelligent but they can t do tasks a youngster undertakes as part of their learning .
There is no computer on the Mars
A stone is not a living ecosystem .
only rich people have villas
Planet cannot be used as a key for any lock
Bananas don t have seeds
One cannot ride a book
There is no gun which has range of one hundred miles .
My kitchen is not alive it does not eat .
Fish cannot talk
Mud is no eatable and should not use for cooking
dinosaurs do not drink coffee
a trash can is for trash not for money
Cabbages are vegetables not for cutting nails
Boats do not have wings to fly .
children are not smart enough to be independant
Colors of the sunset range from purple to yellow but never includes green .
You buy meat at a butcher shop .
If you are already an adult you won t become a child later .
your brother is a human being and humans do not look like water
telephone is use for call not microwave .
Senior citizens cannot be young .
The core of banana is small and soft and can be eaten directly .
Raccoons walk .
The bathtub is to small for a car .
When water and a plug come into contact there may be a short circuit .
NO one wants to be ugly
an elephant is not a treat for a child
Stones are not reflective .
You can not walk dogs in the ocean .
There is only pages and paper in books .
Time makes us older .
Cats eat meat .
Larger cars have bigger engines and use more gas .
Pork is not a vegetable .
Sidewalks are too small to drive on and have obstacles on them .
couch is not a sink
People don t ride bikes up stairs .
It is impossible to eat a wrench .
A dog does not give milk .
Taking a late subway will make people have more chance for being late for office
The Sun is very far away from the earth and it s moon .
wind is not visible therefore cannot be covered in it
Space is hundreds of thousands of miles away and requires a rocketship to get there
It is physically impossible to sleep on air .
Not everyone had ghost costumes for Halloween .
A dinner is not made of episodes .
Mats cannot sit
chair is used for sitting not for rain
the lamp gives out light not wind
A swimming pool cannot be found in a cinema
Baboon s are living animals
You cannot drive a border
He cannot read a window .
Burgers should not contain stone .
Kids cannot fit on top of a single banana .
Ferrets are outdoor animals
A desert is dry and has no water and fish need water to swim
Book shelves are for keeping books
The tie is worn on the collar not on the waist .
You don t put books between flowers .
Salt makes one s body heavy created a serious lack of energy in one s body .
passport proves a person s nationality and identity and it s required when entering a foreign country
PUNISHMENT IS NOT SUITABLE FOR HER EFFORT
Prizes are considered a benefit not a detriment .
it is impossible for human to run 2 km in 10 seconds
the milky way is not reachable by humans
You can t marry a tree and a husband isn t a length of time .
Ships are giant and cannot be used to play a piano
The refrigerator cannot heat food
A CPU cannot show a movie
KILLING IS HURTFUL PAIN
A man alive must eat .
You cannot make calls with a toaster .
February doesn t have 30 days .
Diapers are worn and do not wear anything .
A box can not move another object .
A tiger is a carnivore and does not feed on grass plants .
A carrot is a vegetable
Trees are inanimate objects that cannot jump .
You can also use forks to eat noodles
Whales are seen in water not on the prairie
Eating a lot of food can make people fatter .
Alligators cannot fly while birds can
bathrooms do not house pools
Shoes are not for your face .
Oil is not present in spples .
Sodas does not present in the night sky .
Petrol can not be used to put out the fire .
Hot cocoa would only make you feel hotter on a warm day
Hair salons do not sell bananas .
You don t get sent to church for commiting a crime .
a week only has 168 hours
Dolphins have no nails
Oil would kill the flowers .
Elephants are animals and some are considered endangered .
Glasses are not food for cats
People don t typically watch movies with headphones on
The sun doesn t need trees .
Furniture factories usually produce furniture .
Trees cannot play sports
A room is much bigger than the chair
A fan is bigger than a bottle
Usually pen is thing used to write
not eating can make people lose weight quickly
An hour consists of minutes and not days .
Tattoos are not edible .
Puppies do not grow out of the ground and if you try to plant a puppy he will just get out and if he doesn t on his own then his mother will come and bite your abusive ass .
No one can have six men as fathers .
Sharks are very large animals that live in the ocean .
Fish cannot drive cars they do not have legs or arms
human cannot use magic
An elephant is too big .
Sunscreen protects the skin
A zoo does not let children eat animals
Football is not played inside an indoor restaurant .
Mars cannot sustain life .
You don t watch things on calculators
Policemen will not stole the savings .
Ghost cannot found like you .
obesity is not healthy for human
The governor is not an anesthetist to impose surgical anesthesia
Video games have no discernible taste .
Dragons are fictional entities .
Fire is very hot .
If you were swimming then you would be in water already so you would not be in the rain while swimming .
Snakes can be dangerous .
BOOKS ARE UNABLE TO MOVE BY THEMSELVES
A pool is too small to fly in
A pot has no way of creating a flame to light a candle .
poison is not a food ingredient .
the bike don t have call function .
Potatoes are never in the sky .
feet are at the bottom of the body .
The only person who should be free to do this is the person themselves .
Fuel is not edible and cannot be eaten with eggs .
You can not see the chefs when you go to a restaurant .
Flag is not tall as trees .
mobile phone is not a living place
People have funeral when someone died
toothbrush can t be used to take photos
The fridge is too cold to bake pizza
A person cannot physically draw with their hair alone hair is not a muscle that can be controlled .
Birthdays cards are for happy events .
A turkey can be baked in an oven but a cell phone cannot be baked in the over .
Hospital is a place to treat sick people and not a place to play
Cats do not bark they meow
A car is too heavy to throw .
Teenages can t legally own guns
No teacher need to do homework .
Donuts are not able to run .
Mount Everest cannot be moved .
You can t swim in sand .
sun is away from our earth
There is no reason to water a rock .
colds are caught in cold weather
no one picked up a big planet
no car stop and stay still when the traffic light turns green
Not all cities have a football team .
A hamburger is not a liquid so it can t be dranken .
Stones don t grow so it would be pointless to plant them .
Speaking isn t a physical exercise .
Squids live in the sea and there is not enough salt in the river .
A grill can t actively put food on to barbecue .
A car is much too big for a closet .
People cannot run that fast
People normally don t have meal in office
A toy store does not sell food .
Literature is taught by teacher
french fries are not used to quench thirsty
dinosaurs are extinct
If he worked out the problem himself it would not make sense to ask his classmates for help .
Spiders lack the understanding to play xbox 360 .
Heavy rain fall for long duration causes flood which may flood the house
A paint brush is for painting
CATS DOESN T PARTICIPATE IN ASSEMBLY
Clothes cannot be packed in a chicken .
Stones do not emit light .
Apples are fruits and not nuts .
You play sports in a Gym not hold trials .
Tetanus vaccine has no effect on rabies virus .
Tigers are carnivores
only food can reduce hunger
The sun and the moon don t often exist in the sky at the same time
Stars is so far away
Stones are hard and not edible
Cities cannot fit inside a person .
A book isn t food
An extinct animal cannot be ran over .
Polar bears are real
I cannot drive the car to the moon .
Pencil markings are not erasable by using glue .
bees are a different species of insect
Lights can be used to illuminate rooms toasters can not .
GLASS IS NOT A FISH TO FEEDS THE CAT
Most children do not learn linear algebra after skipping school
Paper is not meant to be eaten .
You learn at school .
Bottles would not be mixed with glasses .
Flak jackets are worn as protection from high velocity projectiles such as bullets and are not known to be used for skiing .
Trams don t have tyre
Mars currently does not support life .
sun can not be manipulate
Humans smelling walls is not normal behavior .
Vegetables are a kind of low calories food
Stone is an object and it is not a the living thing .
Consuming bleach is very dangerous
The eyes grow on people s faces .
Lions do not have wings .
When we are hungry we eat food but if we are thirsty we drink water .
A stove cannot display shows or programmes
Soup is usually stirred with a spoon or similar utensil designed for cooking .
the plane will not be squashed by human
Head is only one for everyone
Gasoline is poison .
We always feel proud when accepting honors .
Motor oil is toxic and not for consumption .
Football is an athletic endeavor not a musical one .
A book is not where someone puts a piece of steak .
Baseballs are not edible .
pillow not a openable thing
Stones are not as big as some plants and animals
toilets wont provide eggs .
carpet is too large to be hung on the wall
hat usually wear on the head
The brain has some water but it doesn t store it .
hospital does not sell tomato plants
Man absorbs oxygen and releases carbon dioxide .
Nobody would put glass in their coffee .
Electric pencil sharpener does it automatically
Usually bridges are built to connect isolating places
Macaws are animals while carrots are plants
hard and big for a sewing machine .
Stone can not be eaten
cat food is not nutritious enough
A pen doesn t start engines
Trains don t fly .
Large quantities of land are not typically covered in macaroni
a baby does not know what is motorcycle
Whale lives in the sea not on the land .
one cannot watch TV without his eyes
There are only two arms in a human body namely the left arm and the right arm .
Tables are inedible
Shirking necessitates putting your business onto others
Depenrs on size
An uncle is a male so he is a he not a she .
pitaya color is red
Pink is not a building color
Diamonds are not used to provide insulation for jackets .
Computers are not large enough for people to sleep in .
A school requires teachers in order to run and teach the pupils so a teacher would always be in a school .
embarrassment dos not cause sneezing
One cannot marry at the age of 2 years old .
Stars are not for sale .
Tigers are ferocious .
Music does not have feelings .
children do not have jobs
A joke is not a place and surfing requies a place .
Playing is not an activity which renews one s energy .
People don t tend to feel happy if their friend is laughing at a haircut they have just gotten .
dogs cannot answer questions .
petroleum is from below earth
Horses cannot enter to a parking
Haze still affects visibility when you use an umbrella and is not blocked .
Be polite and don t show detest when talking to others
A gym does not have facilities for washing .
There are stripes on the body of the tiger .
Some people do not like sugar .
A cup cannot hold an elephant as well as a human cannot pick up an elephant .
Cap is not a protective hat to avoid injuries to head
helping brings people pride
People do not eat sand with food .
chair is a non living thing
Bedroom is a place where elephant does not live .
Birds usually sleep in their nests on the trees rather than on the ground .
Food does not eat people .
Hot water cannot make you feel cool in summer .
States are too large to be covered by a blanket .
You cannot eat a computer
Lipstick is used to decorate the lips
You can t buy rice at the gym .
Sharks cannot be put on
earphone is not shows the time for race
sunglasses don t have rotating hands to tell time .
a dog doesn t fit in a bag
walls are a decorative element in a house
Motorcycles are only owned by adults .
Bricks are not very interesting so not many modern people watch them .
oil is not a drink to be consumed
wine is not as good as water when you feel thirsty .
you can only jump off and down to the cliff
studios is a working room .
A hospital is a place where people who are very ill or injured are treated by doctors and nurses .
Seeking for a job does not help in grieving for the murder of a loved one
Computer screens radiate a frequency that its hurtful for eyes and sight
Water does not smell
A pen cannot be used as transportation .
Blackboards do not have screens for watching movies but computers have
no one does intimate action to a criminal
You don t get books from the theatre
Butcher s shops do not sell books
Since the speech has been delivered she doesn t need to be nervous anymore
fruits are good n nutritious for health
It is not possible to go on water .
Kimchi is a Korean food that is now enjoyed in many parts of the world .
DRIVING IS FOR TRANSPORTING NOT FOR BUILDING
A hotel does not have the patrol .
Dinner time is typically in the evening .
The sun is uncontrollable
Glass of water cannot be ate .
Earphones go on a person s ears to listen to music
Private cars cause pollution .
A person with a temperature of 57 degress has a high temperature indicating illness .
A dresser is too heavy for a tv to stand on it .
People should not ride in the trunk of the car .
A dog cannot fly
superman is not real it is a character
Earth s surface is more water than land .
Dogs do not walk humans
Normally rainbow can t be seen at night
The desk is not designed in such a way as to be programmable .
A refrigerator is much larger than a meat .
Bro is not a word to call father .
If it s hot a coat would make you hotter .
The AC was made to keep us cool not just to push buttons .
The skills of a software engineer is to build computer programs not physical buildings .
It is a human right to visit a relative and there are no laws against it so you can visit a relative .
Stone does not contain nutrients
A university is not a place to admit after heart attack .
When you are full you should stop eating .
cucumber is vegetables not state
Fuel would make the eggs un edible
no one owns the sun .
HE IS REMOVING A PENCIL MARK BY USING AN GLASS ERASER
no one human can eat metals things to eat as food
Can t purchase power tools at a gun shop
Not even sure if lotus is a plant .
You can only drown in water .
Most trains cost money .
People generally don t enjoy hypocrisy
Fire is always hot not cold .
a salmon can t live where a lion lives
computers are not food
The terminal station won t kill people
If you have to give something you should have it not that you destroy it .
The queen is a woman and can t be king
Having daily specials is not the obligation for a restaurants
It s illegal for teenagers to carry guns .
The sky cannot be falling .
Peter is too shy to talk to people so he wouldn t make many friends .
Eating junk food is harmful to health
Pizza cannot be taken with chopsticks .
Peony flowers are not traditional on Valentine s Day .
shoes should be worn before leaving the house
languages can t be quickly learned .
Stones are solid and cannot be pierced
A couch is too heavy to throw .
Opening windows will only allow more sound to come in .
A marriage card is for marriage not business .
GRASS ARE EATEN BY BULLS
There is only one sun in the Milky Way .
Talking during a performance is distracting to other audience and rude to performers
Dolphins are sea animals with a blue grey colour
Washing is for dirty clothes .
Rice is too dry for a drink .
The ocean cannot be dry .
Burglars do something to harm people .
POLICIES DON T STEAL AND RETURN THEFT .
Dirty water is bad to drink .
WORD DOCUMENT IS NOT A BROWSER TO SURF
You cannot walk on water .
Work of a butcher is to cut animals not hair .
Tractors are too heavy to be lifted by a normal person
Bears have no memory for memorizing words
It is not usual to fill a glass with mud
Water has no capacity to show the story letters
Rabbits are too small for you to ride on .
A hospital is for treating patients and it isn t a restaurant .
Mice do not get milked like cows .
Losing your fight may destroy yourselves .
Magma s temperature is far too hot for any living thing to touch and not be severely burnt .
A person doesn t live in the ocean .
A milkshake is food you can not swim in .
Apples are a food and cannot be worn
In order to beat the hot air conditioner should be on not to be smashed .
You do not learn to read and write at a hospital .
A radio cannot be read only listened to .
people would have good feelings about friendly people
You can wash the dishes in the bathroom but there s a lot of germs .
hill is not a taking object
Rabbits cannot learn to speak .
Water cannot light up .
A cow does not bark .
The train will fall in the sky
The driver should drive slowly to give way to to the passengers on zebra crossing
YOu don t eat with your feet so its pointless cleaning them before eating .
Electricity does not flow through wood .
Vomiting will not produce any smoke
Dogs don t have enough knowledge to teach students
Sheep cant cant swim
no they don t lemons in the entire world are sour
Turning of the lights would not illuminate a room .
Basil leaves are not red .
Sleeping does not require a hard time or focusing a lot
A shoe is not a living space such as a house .
The curtain would block the sunlight .
Monkeys cannot purchase cigarettes .
Cakes are high calorie foods .
In noon garden never looks in dark . noon is full of sunlight
you cant talk to her if she was already dead
A bag is an object a non living thing .
People don t sharpen tables .
a steak is a food stuff separate from drink
The pants are not made for cooking
Bananas do not take pictures .
rocks can not move
Usually you have a hostile relationship with your enemy
Doctors save lives through medicine they don t enforce laws .
Pants cannot be used to make or receive phone calls .
Money cannot be deposited into clothes .
Water is liquid and can not absorb air
A mirror is made out of glass and cannot be used to brush your teeth with .
peach is a character not the way .
The victim cannot sentence the defendant to life in prison .
vegetarians are who doesn t eat meat .
Nails aren t edible
people cannot stay inside elephant
The parking lot is not made of water .
Skirts are made for females not for males .
Chefs don t teach in class bud teachers do
A king who is a tyrant does not include a peaceful life .
Gasoline would ruin plants .
employees don t pay an employer
Car s can t fly as they don t have wings .
The store is a reasonable place to ride one s bike and we cannot ride our bike to outer space or the moon .
People should be grateful for the help from others
Giraffes are wild animals .
we need light to read paper .
Suicide is an act of self activation
Cars are not educational institutions .
The face is not moisturized by eye mask .
Stones are known to sink when placed in water .
Hospitals treat people .
there are no batteries in blowerbeds
JAMES SON DOESN T WEAR A LEASH AROUND HIS NECK .
PIGS HAVEN T FEATHER
fish cannot be ridden
Bulls cannot be picked up and thrown by humans .
Dogs are mammals
Internet cafes do not serve food like traditional cafes .
WHALES ARE NOT FISH
A room doesn t have the space for running in .
Cock do not have ovary
Summer is not the season for plum blossoms .
Spoons are too small to dance on .
Birds cant write .
No one eats shoe
June is summer in the northern hemisphere and there is no snow
I am tired now so I won t go to the gym anymore but will get a well needed rest and be ready to go again .
Cinema do not have a roller coaster
pen is an object to write
Tomatoes grow on vines .
A person can not be "at " a dark cabinet so they would not worry about it at all .
cabbage is kind of vegetables
The buffalo don t know how to shoot
Water is too soft to make a bookcase .
The birds can t understand the concept of spring break .
People can t buy a planet
Foot cannot eat
Plastic is generally not edible .
Shoes go on feet not in mouths .
Relatives are able to visit each other .
A cap is soft and does not protect .
people has no playback function
The moon revolves around the earth
bread is food
Cement does not contain nutrients .
SHARK IS AN INSECT IT IS NOT A BIRD TO FLY
A chair cannot share a bookie .
You can t drink paper .
You cannot play a song on a table .
A boat doesn t have wheels to travel on the highway .
Dishcloth is only for dish wiping .
Cars have motors and bicycles do not .
Children do not breath fire
A ball is a toy children can kick around
Driving fast does not mean you have to drive far .
For measuring distance people use tape
We can t golf in space .
dogs can only run on the ground .
people don t dream when they are awake
It s dangerous to evacuate quickly
A gas station can t be eaten .
People should buy drink if they are thirsty instead of food
There is no illumination when a light switch is off
A bear cannot be drunk from a bottle .
Pencils does not need any advice .
Only with money but not papers can we buy things .
human cannot live on moon now
Female birds lay eggs .
You don t inherit any genes from your stepfather .
It would be frowned upon to wear pyjmas to work because they are meant for sleeping .
Hammers are not food
Cats certainly can t fly and wings aren t part of their anatomy .
Coffee shops do not sell beer .
Shoes are not good to eat for breakfast .
He could not jump onto the water because it is liquid and he would sink .
Five people cannot fit in a refrigerator .
The cable is not a tableware
Horses are not blue in color .
Rubin are not eatable .
a man who sleeps in the sea will drown
You can t be pregnant with basketballs .
The chefs will cook the food but are not the menu
They are not found in that type .
Molten iron is too hot to blow bubbles .
Cars are not available in convenience stores .
Stone does not control the VCR
Cucumbers would only make cucumber chips which isn t a thing .
Sparrows can t swim
The branches do not play an important role in supporting the arches
CEREAL BOX FOR STORE GROCERY ITEM
Petrol pumbs provide fuels only for vehicles
water cannot be used to decorate food
car is heavy weight
Making a living in Mars is extremely difficult
Hitting the gas does not cause a car to stop .
deaf people can see so they do not need guide dog
foot is not a system for growing mushroom
Love is not an excuse to be violent to others
Bottles without eyes
A leopard is too large to be contained inside of a can .
Pupils are under driving age .
A spoon is round so it can t be used for carving
Leather is inedible .
Chickens can t be milked .
Sweaters would not fit on people s legs .
Houses do not exist in clouds .
Sleep cannot make her lose voice .
The rabbit less strength animal than lion so it can not knock people down .
TV is not going outside to spend the night to prepare things
Panda is not belong to any single one
Donald Trump has enough on his plate so he cannot be the Prime Minister too .
Dew is the wrong ingredient to make honey .
Beauty parlors do not sell food
House can not be taken to work because it is immovable object .
A bucket doesn t have bristels to sweep with
Lion is cat
The eyes are located in skull eyeholes .
People don t write without a pen .
Eyes are not something people target for theft .
Theaters are not equipped to handle burn victims .
The room is not suitable for driving
cats will eat the fish
Refrigerators are used to cool or freeze stuff
Dogs don t have money to buy anything especially not their own food to give to their owners .
Lions lives in forests and zoos
He can t jump out of a plane to the ground and live .
The insurance company doesn t provide a renovation service
Mammoth has already become extinct
Ideas are not physical things
food don t eat which is always eaten
A match box cannot accommodate a man .
Sheila is human therefore she does not have a tail .
The cup is not for sleeping .
Newton observed the apple landing and discovered the gravitation
A car is too hard to be eaten .
people often get mosquito bites
The net is not a physical place
Mapping software can help us find the right way but it does nothing to help us understand a foreign language
The whale is much larger than a bathtub .
Freezer is used to cool down the food and not to heat up the food .
Pizzas do not have engines to be flown .
There are only 12 months in a year .
Danish is a language
A child is not a object .
Whales live in the ocean .
A boat cannot fit in your throat
using you feet to handle a baskeball is against the rules .
Coffee does not contain sugar unless it is added .
He needs to reach the rank to get the certificate .
Gasoline is lethal when ingested
Pamela is a name usually given to a woman .
starvation is very bad thing so it does not give any benefits to anyone
Glue binds things and can not erase things .
Gravity disallows falling upwards .
Tigers are found in the wild or in zoos
A car is an inanimate object and is unable to dance .
Tigers are not allowed in fancy restaurants .
Nobody could survive even a moment on the surface of the sun it s far too hot .
Eagles cannot swim in the water .
eyelash is for eyelashes
Monkeys do not live in water .
A red rose cannot be green .
The fire would have to be made before cooking .
basketball is for playing .
Mobile phones can make communication easier .
Ships sails on water by the principles of buoyancy and density which do not has wheels .
The garbage disposal will destroy the leftovers and he will not be able to save them for later
Sharks are not kept as pets .
stones aren t human .
plastic is not food
Dolphins live in the ocean .
The students are not allowed to scolded the teacher .
a river is water and can t be burned
Nobody hits a baseball with a cellphone .
Fans almost never attack their idols because they like them .
NETHARLAND LANGUAGE IS NOT A LANGUAGE
A earphone cannot allow a dog to be walked by a human .
Beef is solid item not liquid to drink it
Trees cannot go in the fridge .
A chinchilla will not hold money or a credit card to pay for the gum .
There is no faucet on a stove for washing dishes .
Clouds are not solid .
dumb man cannot sing
there are no apple trees in the Antarctic
A monkey is not strong enough to pull a tree from the ground .
She cannot eat a chair
Table cannot made by the girl .
Most of the bosses earn a lot while having short work hour
A pen is used for writing and isn t hard enough to drill holes .
Your phone bill is not affected by the amount of water you use .
You can t play airplanes .
Cabbage is also a vegetable
a driving range is for playing golf not hockey
The Arctic receives less sunlight so it s colder .
Music can only be heard .
a deaf man cannot hear
Men don t wear skirts .
The sun is stationary
A woman can not physically write in the sky .
Delicious food does not need to be careful in Italy .
Cups can not keep people dry if it rains
Banana cannot park in the garage .
ketchup has no relation with books in a physical form
Joe can not miss his wife .
Money does not grow in a garden unfortunately !
then open umbrellas to avoid getting wet
You can t have a surgery at a clothing store .
The newspaper isn t necessary before going to a movie .
Volcanos are naturally occurring they aren t built .
washing machine is to clean and wash dresses
Headphones cannot run games software
Chickens are not born outside of eggs .
A tape is too soft to build a table .
doing exercise is good for people and usually will make them sad .
Uranus is way to far away from the moon to be seen .
It takes at least two people to have a conversation .
the fire is so hot that the hands of people can t bear it .
Food is not black .
Sugar causes cavities .
Stock markets can t have friends .
Chickens can t be milked .
Couches are not for eating because they are not food .
There is not enough room to play golf indoors .
Pots can t be used for bathing but for cooking .
Dental office don t provide a complete set of medical examination .
hunter means a hunting animal or bird
A newspaper is not edible
Dishcloth cannot be used to wipe the nose .
You don t blow into a piano to play music
chains are too heavy for shoes .
Dressign sloppily is disrespectful to the Queen
A faucet is used to refill a vehicle .
A blender is not a necessary part of a car .
Church is not a place to play .
Drinking and driving is a bad decision .
An apple is too big to be put into a lock .
He cannot plays cricket in the swimming pool .
The dirt and bacterias on the garbage would harm the skin .
You can t practice running inside restaurants .
GLASS IS NOT A CREAM
Earphones are used to hear sounds like music or podcasts .
The computer has limited storage
You can t fly a plane if you re driving a car
A passport isn t need to get into restaurants
January is the first month of the year .
Steak is the main course of a meal commonly ending with a dessert .
Iron is too strong for a human to cut by himself .
A bankrobber is a criminal and an officer would stop them .
Water will drip from a broken glass and it will never be filled .
Running is more physically strenuous than walking .
a cow would not fit inside a dog house .
Insects do not go in tea but flowers do .
Football is played with the foot i .e foot ball thus cannot be played by hand
Kittys are cats and cats are a real animals .
Baseball players chew guy not use it to catch baseballs .
We don t take in fat on our own initiative for the sake of our health .
Space is a place where there is no air .
the cook s duty is to make meals but not to permitted adoption
PET DOESN T HAS PHONE
You do not need an excellent eye to be able to be a musician
Clothes need to go to a dry cleaner s to get dry cleaned .
people can t communicate with each other through cells .
airports are for travellers
No one can have a wedding if they ve already had a funeral .
Basketballs are not a food so he cannot eat them as the substance is not eatable .
A wrench is made of metal and can t be eaten by a person .
A baseball bat hits the baseball .
car s cannot be bigger than a house
A tiger is to dangerous to be man s best friend .
A crane and made of metal is not fit for eating .
Stones sink .
Teddy bears are stuffed animals so they don t eat
Theaters are too dark for cutting hair .
Bank is not a place to deposit the drug .
Squares and circles are different shapes
If something is astringent cooling it will make no difference .
The Earth orbits the sun not the Moon
A giraffe is an animal .
There are not many trees that can live in that condition
People do not live on the moon
Stone iscannot no food and cannot be eaten .
A piano is for playing music .
water is colorless .
Tom and Jerry are fictional characters .
Vegetable markets are for vegetables not for shoes
An elephant is much larger than a drawer
Pepper have a burning flavor .
A funeral is a place and time to grieve
Movie halls do not check out books to people .
STRONG BOX IS NOT CLOSET
aircraft do not run on platform .
A snake does not turn over a wall .
Tortoise cannot hop
One takes a bath in the bathroom not the study .
Batteries are not able to connect to an outlet .
A treadmill can t exercise on a person .
Fire cannot be drank .
A phone is used to make calls not for drinking water .
stores do not fit in cars
Stars are located in space and cannot be purchased by individuals
Socks are not eating utensils
Pandas cannot be kept as pets
jail is not a place for children it is dangerous
steak should not be kept in a vase and if it is stored there it wouldn t be fresh .
One cannot survive the cold with a swimsuit .
Grass can grow but it doesn t blossom as it is not a flower .
Sarah would not be able to live in her apartment with so many people
box is not an eating item
USUALLY THE PLATE DOESN T HAVE HOLES .
Cleaners do not typically travel overseas .
Pumpkins cannot be driven .
One has two eyes and one is closed the other one is open
"cry " is not an emotion that one can howl with nor does it represent joy .
no owl sleep at night
Special equipment can predict earthquake people don t have this capability .
Fences don t float
Apples are not made of stone .
Having a tree does not quickly fix thia problem .
Mugs are not liquid to be poured .
a whale belongs in the ocean
Breathing is an innate function it is not studied .
PASSPORT FOR TRAVEL
Cold oil is not an effective facial cleanser .
A curtain keeps the light out in the window .
An anvil is very heavy and could not be thrown through a basket
Cats can t eat stone and sand .
Animals are not literally what they eat or the color they eat .
no one can carry intangible fortune .
Snakes are unable to sing .
moving faster usually result in a more short breath
air conditioning can blow cold air to make one feel cool
Roller skates aren t used for walking in the snow .
Coffee is known for it s effectiveness in waking people up and making them more productive .
Tigers are carnivores
Fish can t fly they swim .
You don t cook a book .
It is impossible to know the entirety of a book without actually reading it .
The radio is only audio you cannot watch anything on it
Lipsticks are too short to eat noodles .
You can not ride a Tornado
Car cannot be cooked .
elephants are too big for cats to eat
Seven quarters is equal to more then one whole .
Ironing is only for clothes .
Scoring brings more probability for winning it s not the reason for losing a match
Birds don t catch cats instead they will be hunted and killed by cats .
Cars have got four wheels
chef is someone who cooks food
no one eats leather
Chopsticks are for eating .
People won t be angry if others praise their dressing
a market does not typically exist inside a room with a table
You can t make a phone call to written words .
Dogs like eating both bones and meat .
The police station doesn t have any doctors for treatment
Pandas are not for pets no individual can keep them in their home
Window is not used to walk in the room .
Chatting with friends for hours will not make man feel lonely .
computer is a machine
there is not an hole for which a lamp to output wind it is used to lighten an area when it is dark .
Fat and affluent is if you re eating a lot .
Rainbow occurs due to refraction of light through rain drops so requires raining .
A microorganism is too small to see with just the human eye .
A dog is much bigger than the back .
Cats cannot perform yardwork .
Oil is liquid you can not make a doll out of it .
Musicians does not have great eye .
a bike can t swim on the lake
a nose cannot do any homework or hold a pen
You do not shower with clothes on .
The fragrance of flowers is invisible
tears come from your eyes not ears
Hotels are for staying at not learning .
It is not allowed to appear in the building
Hair salons do not have dentists .
praying god is never bad
Traffic jams cause vehicles run slower than normal
Dragonflies do not attract lovers .
Giraffes are too big to be in a backpack
Players can not eat with a football .
people do not drink the bus .
A house can not run
light can t penetrate the wall
Calculus has no skills associated with dancing .
Water is not combustible therefore it cannot be for the purpose of barbecuing .
A ferry is much bigger than the car .
Watermelon is a vine plant
One cannot wear a car .
Curtains are designed to shield you from light
If your brain was removed you would be dead .
It cannot be cold everywhere .
Ice can t splash without melting .
the moon is inhabited
Cauliflower is classified as a vegetable .
WAVES ARE NOT SUITABLE FOR STREET
Dust accumulates on a desktop naturally overtime because of spores in the air .
water cannot be sliced
The smell of food may cause discomfort to other passengers .
usually people go to church for prayers
Cars do not fit in washing machines
kids like toys
one s opponent will not help him to get the throne
Augustine is a great man thousands of years ago
A bra is meant for a woman s chest and can not shave hair .
water is not inherently hot so by itself . it cannot roast an onion .
Sleeping is a state where you aren t conscious and active so dressing is impossible .
laugh express happiness
toaster cannot make calls
Dead ice creatures do not exist .
Apple is not sharp enough to cut the rope .
Computer cannot cooked .
the green light means go
Bookstores don t sell shoes .
A washing machine would break plates .
A thermostat is used to change temperature .
Chicks does not hatches in stone .
Everyone can ride a bicycle as long as they can ride it .
Madurai does not have a beach .
love isn t measured by voice .
Closet is too small to run in
Fridge is not a living thing
Eating moon cakes is not a custom of Spring Festival
Dentists specialize in teeth .
Crying is a sign of sadness
Gravity makes you accelerate towards the ground not the sky when you are falling .
A lucent car is still a concept
A dog will not eat a cold ice .
Elephants are mammals .
Paper is not made of glass or plastic .
A giraffe can t be smoked
It would be silly to put worms on a menu .
people use pens to write not elephant .
Aspirin is not used to treat low blood sugar .
Fireworks are often used for celebrations or holidays
Most people examine something to determine a solution to the complex problem
Video games are not consumable .
You can t buy anything with stones .
You cannot have blue skin .
Monkeys have no wings
A boat is not an animal and cannot be walked .
OVEN IS A HOT PLACE
trashcans are not for rain .
blood is not kind of bone
Wolves are undomesticated wild animals and are not safe around children .
Computers are not able to catch anything .
Birds can t be ridden by humans .
snipers can t shoots from 800 miles away
The sun only shines during the day .
You take notes in regular notebooks and not in comic books .
A person who has not showered for a week can only be dirty .
The moon is to far and to expensive to be used as a tourist destination .
Wood does not give anything electricity .
Green light means it s time to go
Bees are not edible and should not be put on a pancake
Punishment is a negative action .
Boats sail over the river not under .
A caterpillar is too small to eat a dog .
A walk in closet is larger than a normal closet .
Its impossible to fold a car
no one eats breakfast at night
Most people can hear .
hair contains no ink
Fish and pork are not fruit .
The deaf cannot hear .
humans can only swim in water
Sand is not suitable for making fire
comb is for hair not for teeth
While swimming we cannot float .
Birds are not able to read books .
Rain cannot be in one trash .
Box is so small in size to drove the car into it .
Cats are animals not plants .
Rocks are solid and hard .
Not all cancers can be cured .
Euro is the currency in Europe but not in the US
A snail s shell does not change in its lifetime .
good performance in math courses has no relation to performance in history
Daughters are usually given feminine names .
She can not wear her car
The astringency of tea cannot be reduced via cooling
A gym is a place for sports and there are no animals .
A motorcycle wouldn t fit on a lion and would probably crush it .
A triangle has three sides .
Dogs do not have wings .
NET IS FOR SURF NOT TO EAT
i not need to buy plantes
Washing machines are for clothes not dishes .
Poison is not meant to be ingested by humans .
Turtles live up to 80 years and dogs do not .
you can t dry your hair using a comb
Leaves do fall in autumn .
An elephant cannot write .
Computers are not food .
Books do not calculate anything .
Small stones are not a fast food option .
bathtub used for bath
mars hasn t any residents
No one wants to eat molten ice cream .
House is not a food .
Bubble gum is chewed in the mouth .
There is no subway line to Mars .
pets are not stored on shelves like items
Pigs are only a few feet tall .
a comb is to comb the air not to dry them
You are more likely to fail if you slack off .
coffee cannot be read
We cry when we are sad
Gloves are never put on your feet .
Bike will not be green in color .
When someone goes to bed He she unfolds quilt
Books are purchased at bookstores .
People can not run on water .
Neither seas nor beaches are red .
Library only lend books
A pen is not an eatable item
the hotel does not give exams to guests
Birds do not have arms they have wings .
Horses cannot ride people for fun .
monkey eat only food but spoon not a food
Internet cafe is the place for playing computer games
Stones do not burn .
Students generally don t want to say goodbye to a place that they loved
Ships can only drive on the water .
Books are not made of glass because they would be very fragile and heavy .
Giraffes cannot drive or even fit inside a car .
Butcher does not have hair razors
Pen is too small to hold clothes
liquor is a damaging substance which has little health benefit . It could be considered a drug is hard on your liver and has little beneficial qualities .
Salmon is not a type of lamp .
stars are not buying thing
TV is not eatable .
People will die if stop breathing .
Throwing rubbish into the sea would ruin the environment
In China most people speak Chinese their mother language .
Cars cannot develop interpersonal skills
fish can only swim in the water
Students usually have a fixed schedule when taking courses in traditional classrooms .
Snow happens during the winter while summer is characterized by warm weather
A cabinet is too large a bicycle s trunk
Sleeping is for relaxing not sharing .
Mobile phones provide many helps
You can t see smells
apple can t open the lock
Jim will not eat apples if he doesn t like fruit .
A house has only doors and windows
bread is not stored in cups
Glasses are not an acceptable form of currency
shoe is meant for legs
Ice melts and is unreliable
people do not eat food in toilet
Birds feet are used for walking not flying .
eating little won t make one fat
There is no such thing as turkey milk .
there are no rice plants in playgrounds
nope its the opposite .
no one use groves to protect their hands .
Peanut butter is meant to be eaten not worn as shoes .
Watching paint dry is boring
Penguins are only on the South Pole .
Teeth are made up of calcium which makes them stronger than to tongue which is so much flexible .
Car cannot flew .
Wheels are not attached to desks to help one move around .
Elephants are land dwelling animals .
sulfuric acid kills
Bird s nest are made by birds and not machines .
Libraries are quiet places
Plates cannot be cooked they are for serving food .
An elephant is too large to fit in a cupboard
A chair is too big to be worn .
boats don t have wheels
train is not in airport
all sports are relaxing to some
Adults teeth only fall out if the adults are ill
Mother is much bigger than the box .
cups go in cupboards
durians have rotten smell
Looks do not influence hiring .
Hairdressers only do hair on your head
air is free in this world
When a company fails to raise capital it goes bankcrupt
Whales are much bigger than people .
Wearing a winter coat in summer would make you too hot .
People cannot drink glass .
One draws with a pen or pencil .
An ordinary person cannot break an iron bar .
stars are outside the earth and they can t touch him .
Gloves do not belong on feet .
There is no harvest in winter in ancient times
A giraffe is not a human being .
A toilet s only use is for expelling human feces and urine .
Childhood driving is very uncommon .
Dogs can not shake there teeth
ball does not have a leg to kick
bread is food
Chickens have feathers not hair .
Music can t be seen .
DEATH DOES NOT HAPPENS ON WITHOUT BREATHING
There are no dinner served in a swimming pool .
Sheep are herbivores
The penguins in Africa all live in zoos .
Caterpillars have mouths while rose buds don t
Rocking chairs do not have the ability to fly .
soups don t make sound
A person who is hurt does not go to the park for medical help .
All the planets go around the Sun in the solar system
Gloves are not worn on the feet .
Cloth shoes are not waterproof and easily wet .
a cat is much larger than a fish and a fish would never eat a cat .
the flower is too small for a dog to dance on
Toothpaste is not a sauce for people to eat chips
a private car is private not public
On raining days the sun is behind clouds and would not be bright and sunglasses do not keep you dry from the rain .
Water will not stay still so you cannot write in it .
a football is not something to eat
A door is too small to compare with an olympic swimming pool .
Eggs are too fragile
HELP IS NOT FOR HURT
A green elephant does not exist
A Car will always have a stunning look .
Bark on trees doesn t change colors .
You can t wear a dog
Birds cannot live inside of a refrigerator .
A driveway is too small to be considered a road
you ll be cold if you take off your overcoat when it s 5 degrees celsius outside
Love aims to bring happiness .
Benches are not food
Sea anemones are typically stationary plants found on the floor of seas or coral reefs .
The Military cannot order the President
Cable cannot be used to eat sushi you cannot pick up with food with it .
Wood chips go in the trash
The soup would be cold if its in a refrigerator
Rhinos can not fly .
Jim s birthday is on the same day every year so it should be on the 30th
Underwear is clothing not a food to fry .
Moses is not alive .
My uncle s chickens like to run around all day long .
Chillies are spicy and cannot be eaten .
A baseball cap can t be used to catch fish .
Knifes don t absorb liquid
One cannot drive an apartment .
5 year old children is impossible to access a pre school job
trains should be stopped in the station .
The tv is used to watch film . It isn t a human being .
Cement does not contain amino acids
there are only cooks but no doctors in the restaurant
Traditional cultures can have outdated or negative aspects .
Toes are not involved in writing .
Animal protectionists help to save the animals
THE LIBRARY IS NOT A KITCHEN
Dogs are mammals .
no one peoples use hip to give the pen or anything else
you can t drive a battery without being a motor vehicle .
A chef is not licensed to dispense medicine and could get in serious legal trouble .
Teachers work in classrooms .
LAMP IS AN ELECTRIC OBJECT
paint brush is for painting
Stones are not edible .
You can not purchase elephants for food .
A bus does not sail .
The ground will not taste sweet if licked
She does not have cats .
Alive person will not close his eyes to pretends .
Rising temperatures do not cause colds
You can not drive over the sea by car .
washing machine for wash the cloths
An irresponsible teacher would not take the effort to know anything perfectly .
Superman is not real
Germans and Italians are both creative
People get happy about having more money to spend .
Turtles are too large and too protected by their shells to be preyed on by chickens .
Subways are similar to trains in speed while buses are comparable to cars and drive in traffic .
Television is for watching not listening .
A battery powers a vehicle but can not move without the rest of the vehicle .
most restaurants are still run by human .
the universe is too big to travel all over
gas station sells gas not food
Anemones live in salt water such as the ocean not fresh water
Hospitals do not screen movies .
An individual is not meant to drive a car into a store but rather walk into a store
Stone has no life to blossom
The pattern of the Japanese flag has only one sun
The apple cannot watch tv because it has no eyes .
Pigs don t have the ability to climb trees
Man cannot live in the sea so there are no villages in the sea .
movie theatre do not sell fire .
Baking phones in an oven will break the phone
Tigers have stripes instead of spots .
Planets are much larger than houses and cannot belong to people .
lions hunt their food on land and salmon is in the ocean .
the earthworm is a kind of worm not mammal
Terner is a name for the male
A basketball is not edible even for cats .
Good for you but why would you be smoking cilantro that makes you sound like you smoke weed !
cola is a liquid it doesn t composed of gold
An apple is not a means of transportation .
Tools belong in a toolbox
no one feels happy by going to a funeral
Electric pencil sharpener does not require people to operate the pencil
lava is extremely hot liquid
It s unsafe and disobey the law against tired driving .
A nose cannot be used for walking .
You can t play a fridge .
Pet stores sell pets and pet items .
Stones do not fly .
Weight is lost by reducing calrories
medical conditions can cause weight gain
the fireplace would burn the dirty clothes
shoes is not for mobile
Human can t eat artificial made fruits
No one scientist can go to the space by bus
Refrigerators are used for cooling food .
no one can get stars and buy them now .
Rats are actually afraid of almost everything .
forests do not keep sunlight from running away .
Fires are dangerous rather than helpful .
Money and battery power are not the same thing .
A charger is used to replenish battery and is not designed to transmit audio .
lions are dangerous animals
Flowers and insects do indeed have a relationship .
It is unlikely for people to commute to the deep of the forest to work .
The sun is a natural object created from space
Junk food has a high calorie content and increasing intake will lead to more obesity .
Snakes were created without legs even one or many .
Oil can not write
art galleries do not contain groceries
Sand is not a proper bathing medium and will not get you clean .
fridge only cool the water
Rest helps a person if he is tired .
Babies can t talk .
Bricks must be hard to withstand many things .
Clothing store does not provide repair service
Pens are not edible
no one goes office when he is on holiday
An uncle is a man and cannot be pregnant .
Humans do not have a habit of hibernating but the snake has
Business and traffic aren t related .
Refrigerators are cold and can t bake .
Shoes are for your feet .
A person cannot leave without their lungs .
Robots have no feelings .
He wouldn t want to see a singer he dislikes .
megacity means large or great city .
dogs do not wear eyeglasses
A freezer is too small to fit a human and too cold to be comfortable for sleeping
A gerbil is a pet and not a ball
The sky is not a surface for writing .
Saloons do not serve food .
Stones are inanimate objects that lack the ability to move .
One turns out the light while leaving the room to save power .
Mixers cannot be used to make pizza .
BICYCLE GOOD FOR SPECIALLY LEGS
stomach medicine takes no effect on coldness
cup is not a chair to sleep
Most people do not drink dog urine and dog urine has no labeled expiration date .
nobody tie watch on chest
we should drive carefully and slowly when passing through school areas
a car is fully covered
Restaurants serve food .
the store could not provide her with satisfying shopping experience
there is no money stored in the battery
people have trip to other countries not battle
Window frames are made from Iron not the windows themselves
Plastic is not used to make newspaper
Cold medicines do not stimulate nerves
cartoon characters are different with actors
Fridge cannot be used to send email
People usually feel unhappy or sad if they do not do well on an exam .
Tears don t come from ears .
A diamond is too hard to eat .
Trees cannot move .
red meat is not good for health
razors are for shaving not for cutting hairs .
aircraft needs to be refueled to fly
people do not drink dirt
The inability to hear is a handicap
No one brushes their hair with a knife .
when there is sun there is day not night
iPhones can t catch a fish
you can not build with water its not stackable
Smoking in elevators is prohibited
Custodians clean up messes
Surfing is possible only on water .
200 is not one hundred in the international system
both will be destroyed
Blankets help to keep you warm so you would only use a blanket if it was cold .
The operation of factories that uneconomic will result in losses .
Cow legs are not commonly served entrees .
Boys don t like braids now
A lamp does not have legs
No dog can do the housework .
Water turns to ice in freezing weather .
You open your eyes to wake up from sleep .
A barbie doll is a toy of a girl .
The normal color of grass is green
Democracy can not be food .
Weight gain is accomplished through heavy eating and minimal exercise .
the spring festival is a Chinese festivle
fans don t really want to hurt someone they have affection for
Most dice only have 6 sides .
Nobody can eat a bike
Computers do not have a heart .
banana trees do not have cupboards on it
Forests are often lacking buildings
house is non movable asset .
A doll machine only makes dolls .
Men avoid wearing too many dresses in summer due to the heat
Umbrellas are tools used to keep rain off of your body they should be used on rainy days .
ATM machines don t distribute soda
an astronaut can t do my taxes they re in space
Gun s don t have branches .
Happiness is expressed by laughter .
Radio shows can only be heard and not seen .
Everyone uses pens
A bird is not large enough to carry humans to help them travel .
jello is a food item
Dogs do not have the mental capacity to read .
Cats cannot be driven .
Airplanes fly in the air and would need to float on water .
A JAGUAR IS A ANIMAL NOT A MINERAL
A hospital is to fix people not cell phones .
Grocery stores cannot be easily moved around .
Cucumbers are not used to make potato chips .
The human body needs to be warm to survive .
Cucumber juice is green .
The finger is not sharp and hard enough to cut the tree .
Humans must absorb oxygen and release carbon dioxide .
You don t cycle with a car .
Ice will not turn into water unless heat is applied .
computers do not have hands
Cherry blossom is the national flower of Japan which is regarded as a treasure by the Japanese .
The computer is fragile
Gravity keeps us on the ground .
Plastic should not be eaten .
Cristobal s task is to take down information which is involving writing . Drinking will not do this function
The intestine is inside your body and you can t reach it to put a ring on it .
When being corrected people need strong motivations to not mess up again .
Something far away is not convenient .
Trucks cannot bark or speak .
speakers project sound throughout the whole room
oranges are not found in toilets as toilet have a set intended purpose of urinating
You would ruin bread if you touched it with a pen .
EARRINGS IS NOT FOR RESTAURANT
He is not a dog
Pasta is food and does not perform actions .
A giraffe is much bigger than a fish .
no one eats books
A BANANA DOES NOT HAVE ANY SEEDS .
Book is used to study and football is used to play .
farting is not a thing to boast about
Large amounts precious metals should not be found in food .
Flowers do not grow in winter .
Hippopotamus has very light skin and no pattern .
THE BALL IS NOT A SQUARE
Toes are a body part .
With scissors things cannot be washed
If you have a rail to hold you can not get lost .
Stones cannot be eaten while cookies are delicious
A canary is a specific type of bird .
Nobody buys giraffes for an office .
yoghurt is already fermented
It s wrong because you and your opponent are in a competitive relationship
Sea in not a place to be soared by the airplane .
Sink is a place not to cook .
You can t play games on your shirt .
Boats are inanimate objects that can t do anything let alone to people .
A baseball is designed to absorb more impact than would be incurred from a 15 foot drop onto concrete .
Digging a hole in the ground with a straw is inefficient and bad .
Spaceships travel through space and not water so they are usually not found is seas .
They don t sell Christmas gifts in parks .
dirt make more dirty
homosexuality is real
no one can drink a carton of milk at a time
Ants are much smaller than people .
Pen does not used to write in the beach by the professor .
Monkeys do not smoke .
a pad is not used to wipe the face
You could never put a fridge in your clothing or in a cabinet .
Water is not attributed to growth in humans
Diamonds cost a lot of money to purchase .
Water is not sticky
Tip is for the waiter instead of anything else
no one will give birth after 2 months of pregnancy
You can t get a phd in kindergarten
THE WATER FLOWED FROM THE TAP
Stone has no monitor
Cars don t fly .
Being tall doesn t let you make friends easier .
Hair dye is inedible .
YOU WOULD NT FIND BLACKBOARDS AT THE HOSPITAL BECAUSE THEY ARE FOR SCHOOLS .
To lose weight we should not eat lot .
Puddings are not usually spotted on roads .
Socks are meant to go on feet
It s not easy for people to go to outer space
Roller blades are not something you carry with you .
Pandas are animals not humans .
when someone is a poor singer he is to make noise
Ovens are not used to wash dishes .
A car cannot be used for writing and it is too big .
A plane is too large to fit into a dining room .
MONSTER IS NOT A BIRD
Mount Everest is too big to jump over .
Books do not typically fit inside of coffee mugs
Headphones are used for listening to audio .
100 miles it too long a distance for one to cover in a day .
Miley Cyrus is a singer not a professional athlete .
A man cannot be pregnant as he does not have a uterus .
Bartenders serve drinks to thirsty customers
babys do not care about motorcycles
Cinema cannot provide a suitable teaching environment for teacher .
Tanks are military vehicles and not for the general public to buy .
A person cannot be purchased as a gift .
The mouth cannot receive music from earphone .
Couches do not contain any moisture that would allow them to produce steam .
star is bigger than car
A dog doesn t have the intelligence to go camping on it s own .
One does not cook in the refrigerator .
people do not put their luggage in the fridge
Sponge is used to wash the plate not the other way around
Nose is a part of body which cannot used to do her homework .
Stoves can not be slept on .
ususlly people don t get strong from crush injuries .
sour milk is made of milk instead of beer
Christmas has no custom of carving pumpkins
A hot dog cannot be made through knitting .
Condoms don t have ink so you can t write with it
Watches will not save pilot from air crashes
The mouse has only two keys and cannot be used for typing .
Cheat sheets are used to cheat during exams to get good marks .
Buses are not edible .
Traffic jam take extra time thus this is not the reason for being early
Buffaloes cannot use a gun .
breath is natural
An elevator would be nonoperational if hung on the wall .
A plug has no circuit to be shorted .
Eggs come from birds reptiles and fish
hospital is for treatment of patient
the french do not use dollars as their currancy
Polar bears cannot fly
Ovens are either hot or room temperature making it impossible to transform a liquid into ice .
Simple things don t need to be examined
Gloves cannot used to wear in the feet to keep them warm .
Coal releases a lot of CO2 into the atmosphere .
12345 are numbers
The earth itself is a planet and doesn t have stars on it .
A POPCORN IS NOT A HUMAN
Bananas cannot be used as a desk .
People sit on chairs and buckets do not .
TONGUE IS USED TO TASTE THE FOOD
Mechanic does not know anything about human medicine and works with machine
Pigeon is too small and weak to ride to cross the mountains
he got his driver s license so he could drive
There are 24 hours in a day
Cows cannot digest metal .
A needle is for sewing
A dog is too big to fall in a tea cup
Basketball is not cloth
Patients get sent to doctors
Turning on the tap will cause more water loss .
Train drivers work on trains .
Watermelon does not have shoes
Cats don t need to be watched
A banana is not a listening instrument .
can t share a life with anyone who hates
search engines is unable to look up human s emotion .
football is not an indoor game
Engineers would use tools to tear down a building .
Bosses earn the most money .
The moon is 384 400 km away from the Earth and one needs a spacecraft special gear and training to travel to the moon .
Stones are from the earth .
The hospital does not repair cars .
bank is for depositing money not school
SUICIDE MEANS KILL BY ITSELF
I can t play a house .
Mud is to dirty and think to dive in
Dental office do not usually have cooking areas
You cannot ride a sheep especially across water .
Babies do not eat blankets .
Baseballs are made of cow hide
Cotton is not edible sugar
The dog does not leave the yard .
The water could not remain transparent .
Videos are meant to be viewed .
When you are born you are 1 years old it is impossible to be born a 60 year old .
Trams need railway
Not everyone can master foreign language .
Rain is usually very good for plants .
LiKeqiang is the prime minister of China
When one shouts at a baby it starts crying .
Televisions cannot be sat on .
Donald Trump succeeded President Obama
students may not make the best decision
Nose are use to smell with
A red ball can not throw a person .
shoes used for go outside
Boys are not the only ones that need priority to receive an education
Tiger is not a book or any sentence It is living thing .
wood is solid
a bed cannot be driven
There is no shower in the kitchen .
doing the toilet in public places is wrong
A water heater is not edible .
Gas stations are not licensed to sell medical marijuana .
Sadness is not tje the feeling one gets while going on the stage .
A car is not a place to sleep .
Headphones have no photography function
Eggs are not clothing .
beauty parlour does not provide food for your hunger
The sun and moon appear in cycles when it is day the sun is visible and at night the moon is visable .
You don t need to watch your hand before you fall .
A dishwasher is used to clean dishware
POISONS ARE DANGEROUS TO HEALTH
It s wrong because opponents are in a competitive relationship .
Insects cannot be made into tea
toilet is meant only for excretion
A flyer is made up of one page .
Paper is not a thing to put in the waste bin .
Trash does not protect the garden .
You can not drink house because it is a solid object .
Fish need air to live so they can t live without it .
MONKEY IS A ANIMAL
BRIEF CASES HAVE LOCKS ONLY NOT HORNS
The magma is so hot that it melts the plane .
A piano is to heavy to skip .
Horses don t have gas tanks .
A basket ball is too big for cricket
Dogs cannot read .
If a person gets a high grade he she studies as usual .
Fans are usually high above on the ceiling .
Grass is not what s used to make red wine .
A museum doesn t have pictures for sale
A tub cannot hold a lion .
Pigs are unable to climb .
Boats are inanimate objects .
Men are physically and biologically unable to give birth .
A stove is too small to sleep on .
A car cannot balance with two wheels .
Uranium is a dangerous radioactive element .
Classical music is difficult to learn .
Lessons at school happen during the day .
sharks do not have limbs to be used on land
Gyms are where people exercise .
People do not live in trees .
A horse is much faster than a person .
Rocks do not make very nice gifts
Typically we drive a submarine underwater rather than a boat .
You can t drink iron
The Queen is socially elevated and wearing sloppy clothes would be a sign of disrespect .
the movies do not sell bread
The ant is too small to ride a bike .
Kites cannot be found in the river .
Ketchup is a condiment for foods .
Stones cannot be supplied to animals as food
Oil is not used to plant .
One ant cannot eat an entire pizza .
A person can t be a stone .
your pets need food or the will starve
is there a new breed of cows which give honey
sharks will be found only in sea not in mountain
You can not wear an apple .
Human beings are prohibited to eat human beings
dogs can t play cards in most cases
CAR IS USED FOR DRIVING MANNER
Brother is a person and not seed
the electricity company will not pay you money if your car is damaged
People don t use microscopes to read things .
growth is a slow process
It is important to be quiet in the cinema .
Chairs cannot be worn they are furniture .
One day is only 24 hours
Drunk driving is very dangerous and irresponsible .
People write on blackboard which does not reflect and movies vuewed on a white screen so one cannot watch movies on a blackboard .
Men don t wear shorts when it s cold in winter .
Chickens do not grow hair .
paper isn t a liquid
Milk has more nutritional value than water for babies
people cant control their height by eating food
The police station doesn t sell drinks .
Microwaves are not edible but are machines .
Geology does not include the pap test
When opening the store he would want the floors as clean as possible
Being a hypocrite is not something that people like .
Dogs do not go to school .
A tornado is weather and cannot be ridden .
Money is not everything . There is more to life .
Keyboards do not splash when typed on
Leaves cannot rakes in the spring .
One cannot get sleep while watching T .V .
Fish can only live in water .
Tears come out of the eyes and not the mouth .
A cactus is too large to fit in a thermos and cannot be drunk .
car cannot be used for oversea travel .
Hippos don t fly .
A tshirt has no lock
Cotton swabs are not sharp enough for sculpting .
Cats aren t able to sweep the floor .
If an island is uninhabited there would be no trains .
Grass is not purple .
Dinosaurs are believed to be extinct .
Torch can t be used to think possible .
Exercise can t be achieved through speaking
Giraffe s are 16 20 feet tall .
Strawberries grow out on the ground .
Cats are small animals .
Air is cooler in high elevations .
Apartment cannot be driven to Florida .
Diamond cannot be eaten .
Jupiter is very far from Earth .
Deaf people can t hear any sound .
basket ball is very big in size and used to play basket ball game
The person completed the work not the computer .
Refrigerator Refrigerated Food
Jeff doesn t make good financial choices
People like to eat sweet things .
Whiteboards are not edible
Bananas are a fruit that you eat and you do not park them in the garage .
According to Oxford the correct form is potatoes
Cricket cannot be played in swimming pool
Horses are large farm animals .
A treadmill is too heavy to throw .
Comedy movies will make people laugh
Youtube is platform for posting videos .
Roses are flowers there are not edible .
There is not enough oxygen on Mars for a human to survive
Tiger is not a thing that provides heat to a room .
Jackets will keep you warm in cool weather .
It s a waste of electricity if you turn on the light when you leave .
The emotion never be flat
one can keep food in refrigerators not for cooking .
the church does not participate in wars
teachers create tests
It would take much longer than a year to read every book .
Elephants aren t for dressing up .
A bedpan is not a place where someone can sleep .
There are a few characteristics helpful to be a cheerleader but being good at maths isn t one of them .
Rocks aren t somethin people usually want
Passing a crossroad cannot change your color
Cobras are reptiles that go in cages .
restaurant doesn t sell medicine
it does not make sense
Usually police wont steel they will catch thief
Sea water is too salty to drink .
There s no dancing in the cinema
The body is at rest while sleeping and cannot exercise .
bubbles are made of soap water
Resting does not result in learning how to swim
plants can not listen to anything
too much alcohol is bad for the stomach
A playgound consists of ground not water .
Dogs can t do homework
Bathroom sinks are for washing not eating
An oven is too big to fit in a standard car .
A KTV doesn t have space or gear to play basketball in
Bike is not a human and no one waves at bike
Vegetarian s do not eat meat .
Sunglasses are worn narrowly in front of the eyeballs and are held up by the ears and nose .
100 MILES NOT A WALK ABLE DISTANCE
Lions can t live underwater
Scissors can t cut vegetables into thin sheets .
Live fish can t be caught in cookers
the music cuoldn t hear nothing
not every doctor can cook
Fire burns and therefore isn t safe to put your hand into .
a game cannot be read
Cutting off your toes would not make your socks more comfortable .
Daniel s step father has no genetic relation to Daniel .
Noodles are a kind of food and are not suitable for making coins .
You can not read a book with your eyes closed .
Pornographic website does not include google .
A rock is a solid
Rest can relax muscles without causing soreness .
A refrigerator if for cooling things down .
Lemons are yellow fruits .
Depends on the current position of the observator .
Garbage and waste can t bring nutrients to crops .
You cannot own the sky .
Only live creatures eat food .
Rabbits have more running advantages than turtles
Plumbing is for water and not electricity that is needed for a television .
potatoes grown on underground
Foam is too weak and flimsy to be made into a table .
House is not a vehicle to travel to hospital .
A car is a vehicle
trusting truthful persons is not a foolish thing
English is a language
Peanut oil does not have the smell to repel mosquitoes .
snake cannot jump
there is no grape with leaves in the center of grape
Restaurants are where you go to have others prepare food for you .
A bicycle is too large for a back pack .
Groceries store sell food but bricks are not food .
sharks are not an item of clothing
Dinosaurs were to dangerous to ride and are extinct
Birds are able to fly .
Onion cannot used to make lemonade .
A knife has no scale for measurement .
Car cannot be caught in his hands .
"Excuse me " is used when you are trying to get someone s attention .
Panda is protected by government and belong to nobody
Beer is not washed in a washing machine .
Stones can t be digested by cows
Teddy s are non living thing and cannot breastfeed .
Nobody lives that long .
A banana is incapable of cellular communication .
Hot water would melt ice cream .
You can t run a train .
Animals cannot drive a car .
Pills cannot be used for better .
toilet isn t a place for learning
A restroom is a place for using the bathroom .
Bells make noise
BLINDFOLD CAN NOT SEE .
pluto is a planet without oxygen
A book is used to study
There are no stamps in the news newspapers
In order to watch the news you need to turn the television on
A restaurant does not have the ability to care for sick people .
NEVER DOCTORS WERE IN A PARK .
Fire is dangerous for a baby to play with .
Its impossible to knit a meal .
Cake isn t a liquid
i brush my teeth before going to bed
No dog has the ability to read .
You call people on the phone .
If the tea is hot it can cool but if it is astringent it is meaningless to cool .
Fish do not need to be taken for a walk .
smoking is injurious so it is not good
Clouds can only be seen in the sky
A teacher can help a person learn but they aren t helpful with ailment .
Bulbs used for a long time normally become darker not brighter
quite the oposite english will take you anywhere in the world .
Bees do not eat meat .
A shoe is not something you play
Cheese needs to be kept cold so it doesn t go bad .
only fruits and vegetables are sold in a farmer s market
Ocean is not industrial products .
dinosaurs are no more exists
Usually crossing the border need a valid passport
The shape of the earth is round .
The teeth only grow inside the mouth
Otters have no hands .
males can not give birth to a baby
A screwdriver does not control a television
Labs don t have snacks .
Text books are not eco friendly because they require a lot of paper to make them
Freezer is not a place to keep a candle .
A cat is an animal and cannot be driven .
While there is no water a river cannot flow
Notional brand does not include apple .
Most kids in America can not afford one or more cars .
You do not count money as earned but spent if it is used for a repair .
You do not burn lots of calories or build muscle when you eat .
There are no blue bananas
You need to use the same word twice pronounced differently for this to make sense .
Dogs are very afraid of mouses
Calculator is not suitable for coding
There is no likehood or finding a Lathe at the zoo .
Restaurants are for dining out .
you put clothes in the washer
School is a place where we cannot drink .
Dishes do not go under the couch .
You can t build structures out of water .
Falling doesn t necessarily make a bone break .
the police station does not have dentists
The light should be turned on if there is person in the room
the teeth are hard and the tongue is soft
Kindergarten is for children about 5 years old .
people can t run on the ship s poop .
You cannot get a bath on a paper .
You cant eat pants and they would only burn to ash .
The sun can only rise is in the morning as that is when it gets light .
Research has not found more moons than stars .
A theme park is not only for children .
Sugar is widely used by humans with no fear
A liver is a human organ and nobody can take sun bath in it .
A lawyer s job is to deal with cases rather than look after children
Melatonin is not a drug that creates sociability in people .
People feel uncomfortable sleeping on television .
book is not an eating item
Wear a hat protects you from being hurt by the strong sunlight
Electricity is not a form of currency
no one can read books in the darkness
A home setting does not have a landscape
Cheese is too soft and edible to be made into a coin .
Baseballs are made out of material that won t break even under very heavy impact .
Oil causes fire to spread .
Smoking increases your risk of developing lung cancer
oasis is a watery area in the desert .
a dice has only six sides
A baby can not have a career .
jumping off from the table can not do anything .
Dinner is in the evening not at noon
Only buoyant items can float on water .
overeating causes weight gain
It s against the rules to touch the ball by hand in a football match .
Dirt itself can t be cleaned .
Water will not help in the drying process
Lawyers defend or prosecute people charge with crimes .
Cars sink when driven into water .
Dogs cannot confess to human they can t even speak
Clothing is will get dirty in a barn .
KIDS MAY NOT TRAVEL ALONE
shoes are for feet not for hands
people can t stay on th ceiling
chatting with friends usually makes the lonely person happy
you can not walk on stars .
A grown man cannot fit into a matchbox .
I can t eat a disc .
Soy sauce drinking is not a competitive activity
you don t hit a piano
You cannot lift and transport a dumpster
Turtles are very slow moving animals .
A zebra is an animal and not for cleaning .
Pants are just for wearing
Working hard will typically make you more successful .
Human cannot digest steel .
People don t change colors and don not turn green when passing a crossroad .
Militaries own tanks .
proposals does not have tastes
Human has two eyes by nature
My body has only 1 head and 2 arms .
Mayonnaise is a condiment therefore no one would soak in it .
Mall is a place where we cannot buy a lion .
The Arctic is covered in icecaps an is not known for being hot .
You do not bite the computer .
a dryer cannot fit into the washing machine
house and car keys have different shapes and will not work in the same lock .
Sand is not a liquid .
You cannot be infected by potatoes
Drinking before driving is dangerous and can lead to accidents .
dinosaurs died out long time ago
killing people is morally wrong and against the law
NO ONE USED COMB AS DRYER
THE WORKERS HIRE CONTRACT .
Dogs cannot destroy the world .
Travel agencies don t help with theft .
Bad treatmeant usually doesn t inspire feelings of endearment .
A pencil box is not the place to store a pan .
Plants only make oxygen and fruits or vegetables not things made out of plastic like computers
Children do not eat grass as a meal .
A rat would lose the fight .
No one would suggest the toilet as a proper memento .
Only railway services own trains
When she was born she cannot celebrate her 10th birthday .
eraser for erase something
A notebook is a solid and by definition a person can only drink a liquid .
You cannot lead a project if you do nothing to contribute to it .
No person wants their team to lose .
The steel film is not attached to the mobile phone shell and can not protect the shell .
Distraction is bad for thinking and writing a term paper
dinosaur has become distinct so it cannot be kept in the class
Dogs should not be stored in drawers
Skin does not wash off the body
There is no way to melt air .
Hoeses can t fly .
cabinet is too small to be inside .
The sun does not shine at night .
A house is so big that it cannot be wrapped with a gift wrapper .
West is a direction where the sun does not rises in the morning .
lion is a animal
Days can not be change
Tight shoes make walking unbearable .
Sky is not a place to drove the car .
Monkeys do not belong in ovens .
A violin cannot do any of the steps of making pizza .
The earth circles around the sun .
Hong Kong used to be a British colony .
13 months are more than a year
After delivering a speech would be the time for the nervousness to be gone .
Grass has no stamen
clay is not an edible food
Dead pets are not found in the library .
Working overtime results in great pressure and serious health problems .
Semester exams must be taken at college not a hotel .
Windows are not alive and cannot want anything .
Plants need water and soil which are not found on a bed .
Soil is not a place where lions might be discovered .
music is something in a movie but is not a synomnym for movie
Insects aren t mammals so make no milk .
my right shoe doesn t fit my left feet
Kids do not ride bananas to school .
Boiling water is too hot for people to swim in but cool water is suitable
Only dog can bark naturally
Roller coaster is too huge
Hotpot is just a chinese cooking method not any living creature that will eat Humans .
Only humans can drive cars .
One cannot read a book with their eyes closed .
It is dangerous to fall asleep in the bathtub .
An indian restaurant would not have the ingrediants etc for chinese food .
People do not eat plastic
The fridge is for food and towels are not food .
Museums are not available in the hotel .
Dolphins do not live in ponds
You get cold if you wear shorts in winter .
You go to jail for breaking the law
A spoon is not sharp enough to cut things
shoes are always tied to the foot and cannot be lost .
A speaker does not cook food
There is no subway from the Earth to the Mars
WATCHING TV IS NOT A GOOD EXCERCISE
Jucice are made from squeezing different fruits and vegetables .
A person cannot get married to an animal .
people do not eat volleyballs
Roller blades go on your feet for skating with .
A train is not a unit of measure .
black bananas have gone bad
Gasoline is not a beverage .
Arms are not touching ground
Rocks can not be eaten .
It is physically impossible for only one person to lift a tractor .
Humans cannot live for 1000 years
hotels is not a place to find answers for exam
PASTA IS NOT A COOKIE TO BAKE
The Great Wall was built a long time before the works that modern architecture refers to were created .
An ornamental glass globe could be worth a lot of money if it s an antique or collectable item
Cats do not belong in the fridge but only food and drinks belong in the fridge to avoid from spoiling .
Employers pay employees they do not get paid
dogs don t go to space
Bookcase cannot made with water .
Constitution changes need congress approval .
Comic book movies make the most money in the box office .
people don t want to wear dirty clothes
The sun would burn anyone or anything that would get near it .
The eraser does not belong to the inside of the linen closet
Wine is made from grapes beer from grain .
moon is not a place of putting things to lift it
Dogs do not climb trees .
Fans are monolithic machines
Students are subordinate to teachers .
That person bought a watermelon .
Music is a different form of entertainment than a movie .
fire cant be taken
A tail makes no sound when it wags .
Bees are insects that fly .
Pillows are too soft for cracking walnuts .
a smartphone does not belong to freezer
Vinegar is sour
cheeky expression is not given in a sad situation
Mobile phones are not designed or built to hold water .
The tiger would die if you put a cage inside the tiger .
Ice is cold .
Bikin s are for warm weather .
Computers are not capable of exercise .
the shooting range does not sell power tools
Sitting directly in the sun will be very hot .
Oil is unhealthy to drink .
An apple does not grow fuzz like a peach does .
A lawyer is hired for legal services and a babysitter is hired to look after a baby so a lawyer would not be hired to look after the baby .
Microwave is an appliance and can t be used for sitting
One cannot sit while walking .
The ceiling is too high to kick .
he should not play games at his jobs because he has tasks to complete
The sun is not blue it is yellow
Shoes cannot wear on their head .
teenagers are not clothes to be died
A car is parked in a garage .
Air is a natural product
Rocks cannot move on their own .
A fridge is not a place that can be lived in .
A gas stove is not a toy .
Water doesn t stack .
People in a good moodvseldom yell at others .
DOG IS NOT A PERSON
A monkey is an animal and cannot perform music at a public event
Sea is a place where we cannot sleep .
shouting creates noise and it is usually loud
Self denial does not bring satisfaction to people .
Three years old is too young for a girl to born a baby
Green isn t a real hair color .
If mirrors would be transparent then it will not show our reflection .
Cowboys cannot ride kangaroos to get everywhere .
The barn would burn down
A birthday refers to the day you were conceived as a way to refer to your age so it cannot be the day your parents met .
Some coffee have spices in it
Chocolate is not made from a metal .
A camera is used to take pictures of many different things .
Barbecues are not ignited by water
100 MILES ARE NOT DAILY WALKABLE DISTANCE
People don t sleep with helmet on their head
Shoes go in a shoebox
The sun has set by night .
Saying it is none of your business means it is the staff s business so he would be taking responsiblity .
It is possible for two men to be in love which is the reason why the concept of homosexuality even exists .
A chair is an inanimate object that cannot eat a food .
Lakes cannot fit into a bucket .
Tigers are large and often dangerous animals that are meant to live free in the wild .
Philosophy is a different job than physicist .
Ink is not safe to drink .
A car can not dance
whistle not a format of salute
Nobody puts on sneakers to go swimming .
Giant pandas can t be pets
boiled vegetables lose nutrition
The latest device doesn t need to be replaced .
A barber shop is not a restaurant .
You can not drive a fridge .
No one drinks sand like liquid .
When people fly they sit on a chair .
Ants are too small to carry bricks .
water cannot keep you awake
Mailboxes are too small to fit inside .
Car can t run with air .
A knife can not used for sleeping .
Cat is stronger than hamster .
Wood fuels fire
Liquor can only intoxicate people .
Gold elements are harmful
All babanas are yellow
A bowling alley is a place .
A hat is larger than a button .
The ocean water only has salt dissolved in it .
A bad day makes people sad .
cupcakes are generally smaller
turtles can t climb anything
Cars are slower than planes .
eggs are collected by chicken farmers from hens
Bowls and chopsticks are not edible to have for breakfast .
taking a plane is not necessary for such a short distance as 2 kilometers
There are hundreds of ways for modern people to make fire
Without a leash it is hard to keep a fierce dog from people
If someone sits on a lake they would drown
bread in the closet would get wasted
Speaker is an electronic device to produce sound and cannot cook food
An apple is not a vehicle therefore cannot be driven
A toaster does not walk .
Grass has no use for cleaning clothes
Popeye s does not sell jet engines .
Lions prefer to eat meat and do not eat dirt to survive .
Roast goose is eaten for the Christmas holidays .
Mark Twain is a writer .
A bartender cannot do that as it would return saliva in the wine .
Dogs cannot wash clothes in a washing machine .
An elephant is too heavy to carry .
A car is too big to fit into a fridge
tickets are made for outside activities
you should drink more hot water instead of cold water when you have a cold
Snakes can t swim
You cannot buy an exam from a supermarket .
The nose is for breathing not for eating .
A desk is not a food item and is larger than an oven .
There is no sand in tropical rainforests .
book is not a food to eat
Bricks are not things that are written .
Mountains are much larger than trees
BRA DOESN T HAS A BLADES
Charity is not illegal
Livers cannot be checked in the airport .
If the cow eats stone it will not digest
There is no thought in the classroom and it will not move .
dogs rarely catch and eat rats
Houses don t have sexuality .
only plant can do photosynthesis .
Tables are not for sitting on .
A hospital is a medical establishment focused only on peoples physical and mental health .
The rules of basketball require playing with hands .
Junk food does not contain vitamins or nutrients for a healthy body .
To protect skin against sun damage it must contain specific formulas .
Pliers are an inanimate object
Cars need gas to run
magic is not real
A door is much smaller .
Being tall does not explain why a person has many friends
Pickles are not an ingredient to make banana bread .
Statute are rules we must follow .
a rat is a common animal
Planets cannot be purchased yet .
Chopping apples does not cause someone to cry .
A sink cannot be used for cooking
Paint can not float unless your in space .
dinosaur is not living today
Tables are not food and therefore cannot be cooked .
Games are not read they are played
A baseball game must consist of more than one team to compete against one another .
Some animals eject poisonous liquid that can possibly kill a human .
malls cannot drive
cats like to eat mouse not dogs
a thermometer can only guage not change
A rabbit is a weak animal .
Google is a search engine .
accidents will not happen if people do not obey the sunshine
Green plants need water to grow .
The laundry is generally viewed as a boring activity
No writing on a fish .
Water is a liquid substance which cannot used to build a tower .
Roller coasters are not constructed at the cinema they are built at amusement parks .
a cow s organism is not able to produce gold
Steak is a form of sustenance meant to be ingested .
Pens can stain food .
Once the cat has died it can no longer live
Running shoes does not wore to participate in yoga .
Woolly hats are worn on cold days as they keep you warm
Your lifestyle cannot be a color .
rabbit is not a carnivorous
ordinary things do not win awards
BOAT NEED WATER TO MOVE
Flowers have a nice smell
a deer cannot fly and does not have wings .
Tesla an all electric car manufacture they do not produce gasoline cars .
writing is done on paper
You eat bread not drink it
You should not have a shark in your fish tank .
He cannot marry a pen
Mosquito has no tail
Foxes are land animals and cannot be found in the sky .
roadkill not used for decorations
Gold is not edible .
The earth revolves around the sun .
Elephants are too big to climb trees .
If you closed an umbrella when it is raining you will get wet .
CHURCH IS NOT FOR FUN IT IS A PRAYING HALL
Dogs are unable to hold people .
There are no dinosaurs alive today .
There is more sand than cell phones on the beach
The cinema is not a person .
Apples grow on trees .
A car is a solid object that cannot be spilled .
People do not eat wood .
Usually there is no need of steering to get refuled
Cats eat mice so they are enemies
Zebras do not know how to dance .
lion is not a vehicle
Pillows are much softer than walnuts .
Cats cannot bark .
Shoes don t fit in a person s mouth .
Combs are not used to brush teeth .
Bar of gold cannot eat .
Rock cannot be drink because it is very hard
Refrigerator is an equipment which cannot be used to bake the bread .
trash cans contain things to be thrown out
People cannot sleep in water
Sticks are too thick to be used for sewing .
banana is a non living thing
Graduation certificates will not get him on the train .
When a person is on holiday they don t go to work .
Boys breasts do not need bra support .
Stomach medicine cannot fight off cold .
Water can boil and evaporate but it cannot be burned .
When elephants are ship they do not go in the mail box .
Ceiling is use to hang something in the room like fan and not for study or homework .
A math teacher doesn t teach history .
Smashing the papers will make them even harder to read
PAINT DRY DOESN T GIVE FUN
It would not fit most major appliances .
rock is not eatable
You cannot go for a walk with a car
Bricks cannot write .
people do not put kite on coat
A cupboard cannot fit into a sauce bottle .
Games end when the time is up not when a team scores a goal .
A lion does no make a web
The principal does not collect homework .
People listen to music all the time with out it destroying their bodies .
Light bulb cannot be eaten
A keyboard has multiple keys
Eggshells cannot be eaten .
Youtubers create videos or livestreams
Singing has to do with speaking and listening which is a different form of communication than reading .
No one is willing to taste stones .
Viral fever would keep someone out of a University .
Fish require water
Monkeys do not use spoons .
Cars are not shaped like a sphere .
It is important to study for a final exam .
Rocks are inanimate objects not animals
Time gives wine a unique flavor which makes wine attractive
Buying bottle water will not solve the air quality problem
When people meet they do not high five one another .
No readon to jump
Because the library was showing classic movies that day .
Watching video harm people s eyes
there is no water in bed so people cannot fetch water from the bed
it s not cool to spend time with jobs
Losing weight lowers blood pressure
Butchers cut and prepare meat to sell .
stars can t produce rain
The phone book does not keep information on current events .
Pens do not contain mayonnaise
We should check to see if the parts are in good condition .
Playing usually uses energy but doesn t create it .
Pork is not a vegetable and is not green
You cannot shop for an inanimate object
An elephant cannot climb a tree .
Lizards do not have wings .
if the chair was stolen then it was not returned to the store
A chainsaw is not a toy .
Staying up can cause stress to your body
Beards are trimmed with trimmer but not with spoons
Shoes cannot be made out of peanut butter .
water does not serve as fuel
Plastic is not edible .
going to school is not a step in farming process
gas fuels car not air
zoo is a place where animals live and people visit zoo to see . No one eats animals at zoo
No cat can answer the phone .
You don t sleep while active during sex .
A pond is too small for a ship .
Bread is a food not a drink .
an axe is too big to be used to cut cheese
You cannot physically go to another destination if you get into bed .
Vanilla is a scent and shampoo is a product
Bad things don t taste good .
Something from the present cannot affect the past .
Someone cannot simultaneously be your grandparent and your child
A garden hose is used for a garden only .
REMOTE IS DEVICE USED FOR TELEVISIONS .
Snakes have no feet
Coffe is a liquid drink and therefore not a snack
Ants are insects
The phone does not give you the qualification to enter a rock concert
BATHROOM SINK IS NOT A PLACE FOR EAT
There are things in all of everything that aren t worth money .
People cannot throw cars .
no one uses phone to drink water
Water and ice and not considered to contain separate substances .
A bottle is an inanimate object that does not have eyes .
Miles is not a currency .
The native language of English people is not Chinese .
Uranium 235 is radiant thus it s harmful for health
Generally classical music is reserved and classy moshing does not fit the atmosphere or demographic of listener .
You wouldn t use brand new cloth for washing something
The sun was naturally created .
There are only 365 days in a year at most .
One wears a coat when is cold .
The moon is not reachable by car .
Pens are for writing
Cars cannot fly .
Any Lion found in any University premises other than the University Zoo will pose as a danger to the University .
A mat is soft and iron is hard .
A bed is much much larger than a handkerchief
A hippo cannot fit in a mailbox
no one would cut down trains in normal cases .
Bullfrog is not used to change the channel .
A leaf is not robust enough to be a weapon to slay a snake .
Dogs don t give out baths .
too much sweet food can cause tooth decay
There is no oxygen in space .
Iron cannot be smelted from water .
water cup is a lifeless thing .
A tiger is too big to eat .
You don t get arrested for helping others he didn t do anything wrong .
Tigers are found in zoos .
Interplanetary travel to Neptune isn t possible even for astronauts .
Glasses frames are thin and unable to block much sunlight .
A toothbrush cannot used to be brush hair .
gRASS CAN not be purple unless you purposely die it purple .
there s no sea salt in the desert
bookstore doesn t has shoes
Dogs cannot read in English .
bidding war at the auction makes things more expensive
Dogs cannot speak nor use the internet .
Cats cannot jump that high
Table does not have the power to collect electricity
Game is always fun for all peoples . Game is fun .
To be refresh we cannot use sleeping pills .
The boy can not a hat on his foot .
Cats meow .
people won t go to a singer s concert because they dislike this singer
There is no such thing as a wind powered car
Bikes travel slowly .
artists do not help the injured only doctors
Slippers does not used for professional at work .
He would be sad if he loved his wife .
stones do not emit light
usually seeing fire wont burn you should be in touch or too close to it
LIBRARY FOR READING BOOKS
stone has not dead
Church is not a place for fun
Oil is not a writing liquid for a pen
The Santa Maria the Pinta and the Nina are sailing ships while the Toyota the Pontiac and the Mazda are cars .
Something that is done right is not called mistake
A person cannot drive a ball point pen .
Pens are full of ink not blood .
THAT IS NOT TRUE IN ALL CASES .
Swimming is an activity not a type of novel
There is no waitress in the metro
Evolution means growth and that is the opposite of stability .
Drinking does not require garden hose .
The hair drier can be destroyed by liquid
Sharks live in the ocean and eat other things that live in the ocean not grass .
Large dogs are too big to fit in handbags .
A car cannot fly .
You can t take photos with a banana .
book is made up of paper not water and sugar
Dogs have fur .
excitement rarely is a cause for amnesia
Saloons do not sell sandwiches .
Sports car cannot rescue people in the mountains
People usually at first wash the clothes and then dry them
Rabbits are animals no plants so rabbits can be placed on the ground in a garden but not planted in the ground .
Big trees do not fit in people s arms .
The secretary is of a lower rank than his boss and would not tell him what to do .
moisturizers can cause blindness in the eyes
Clothes cannot be cleaned by grass .
It rains often in the tropical rain forest creating a moist environment
The research work is meaningful
There are still plenty of cancer cases everywhere and everyday
cars don t float they sink
It s not suitable to send boss postcards in official manners
Couch is used for sitting and not used for driving
shorts are shorter than trousers
Tractors are ground vehicles that don t fly .
You can t swim at a deli
You cannot build a house in 18 minutes
the frame of glasses doesn t help you see .
Whales can hold their breath for extended periods of time but still need to eventually breathe in order to survive .
Cars don t have eyes therefore they can t see
A tiger cannot be read .
Iron doesn t make for a very soft pillow .
animals don t know how to use cameras
Books aren t stored in wine cellars
You can t watch TV on the MP3 .
You can t share food with an establishment
spoon is not a sharp to cut
The sun cannot shine through the wall .
Reading books is not the result of feeling hungry
Any sound that might be made by a cooling glass is not music .
There are only subways on Earth .
A fridge isn t tall enough to jump from
BECAUSE HE MUST USE TOILET .
A building is not alive or mobile .
Computer does not have bark .
cows do not provide bacon or cream and cannot understand the concept of giving
A tree has gaps between branches and so cannot keep out the rain
Planets have a sphere shape due to the different forces around the volume
Cricket ball is usually used to play cricket cannot be eaten
bread is bigger than a keyhole
Corns grows on cobs
A ring cannot be put in a strand of hsir .
Molars help humans eat their foods .
bath can not taken in shower .
McDonald s does not sell suckers
People are usually awake during the day
Cars will not be sold in convenience stores
A pen cannot be affixed to an envelope to be mailed .
The desert does not usually have enough water to support plants .
Conditioner doesn t clean hair
Forgetting word in a speech is not a good thing .
fire is not possible to take through bottle
there is no coal and oil in water
Wood is not edible by human beings .
A racist is one who makes negative judgements about people who are different
Dogs aren t round or used for sports .
Turtles have chicken resistant shells .
people can t fly by themselves .
a tire is not food
taking exercise could make people feel more tired
Eating little usually causes humans to loose weight not gain it .
You can t set water on fire .
Cancer is a terrible because it can kill people .
Cream isn t strong enough to protect against ultraviolet Rays .
Anemones are salt water creatures and would not survive in fresh water .
air is free and can t be exchanged for the ball .
Elephant is large in size so bees will not make honey for it .
People do not typically donate appendages .
Its impossible to drive a house
Museums have artifacts not families .
the dog cannot leave the yard because the yard is enclosed by a fence .
Scarves should be worn around the neck not around the waist .
A balloon can not illuminate the entire room .
A company has no right to collect taxes .
Animals don t go in overhead storage .
Lucy is a another person s name
A clover is not generally given a name
Diamonds are not easily broken
drinking a lot alcohol will make a people unconscious
A car would get hit by a train if it were on the rails .
There isn t apple skin if you don t eat apples .
You cannot jump and bounce in an elevator as this bothers others and is dangerous .
oil only burn with fire instead of stopping fire
Cats don t breathe water .
Ants are egg laying animals .
Calling cards don t require a license
Iron columns are to hard to be cut with scissors .
You need something to write with
All mammals have eyes .
You cannot walk on the ocean .
Cars are too large to fit in a backpack
Ghost has no shape
Kitchens are for cooking and it is not practical to sleep in the kitchen .
laundry machine for wash cloth
Hamburgers are eaten not drank .
no fish can walk on the ground
Rock are not animals that cannot feel pain .
Tires are not edible .
We use our nose to smell .
only your ears are able to listen
Songs are not edible .
Computer is not something that can be used in preparing food .
A thief cannot arrest a cop
the pillow doesn t have an on button
Flies do not bite even suck anyone .
pot is a container used to grow plants
Children can get others help when learning to ride a bike
A Bigfoot is to big to misplace .
Guns are not allowed in school
Machine guns were invented after the medieval period .
Sometimes you might find a potato in a bag .
Baguette cannot be used to kill people
Breathing in anything other than air is not good for your body .
Rabbit does not stripped from the lotus root .
Feet is not a thing to play basketball .
diamond is rare so expensive
A cow is not a carnivore .
No way can someone run 100 000 miles in a day
A tiger cannot drive a car
Planes are used for much longer trips .
Cars cannot operate under water .
A house phone is not able to be used in different locations .
no correlation
water is a liquid so doesn t build a house
Most people have no need to hide their belly buttons even less so because their shirts already do .
using a life is unlawful .
disasters and wars will lead a country weak not strong
Shooters have fingers guns don t
Cars are unable to fly
Not everyone likes pork .
Butchers don t sell phones
people do not play games in the music club .
Flour is not something that goes on the body .
Warfare has a negative connotation so a blessing is nonsensical .
Butter is not used to ride to the store .
A dolphin has a smooth thick layer of skin that does not contain oil glands for hair .
a dance doesn t have evident effect on bouncing
Paper cannot write on pencil .
A dog would drown in a fish tank .
A mother is a person and persons does not occupy the trunk of a car during a trip .
You can t watch paper but you can watch the television
Square is not a proper container or measurement of water .
It is impossible to travel anywhere in a lunch box
Watches won t slow your fall
Human beings have no flying ability
Cool summer days don t need air conditioning
Integrity is a high human trait so one would be praised for it not accused of it .
Shoe can be worn in feet only
Cooking oil cannot protect your skin from the sun .
it is not possible to put a dog on the moon
Sea water is not composed of sugar .
People do not eat rocks .
Beef contains a lot of protein .
Seabirds roam around the sea but do not physically go under water .
Ants are too small to eat human
A big tree cannot be used to keep out the rain .
blueberries are meant to be used for food not defense
Nobody has a spaceship .
Pears grow on pear trees .
More people can cause a mess .
Red roses are always red .
A shoe is a non living thing that cannot sell video games .
Dogs cannot speak .
You can eat before dinner but you don t have to
If you are an employee then you have a job .
A house always has a roof
Providing ID card can prove one s identity
People can not live on the sun
Whales can only survive in the ocean
you only get older as time passes
Dogs can t use kitchen utensils
Driving takes full concentration .
fancy store is not book sell
A walrus is an animal and cannot be worn .
The boy would get in trouble if he hit his coach .
TV IS USED FOR WATCHING NOT FOR PLAYING
reading is not a workout .
Romance movies tend to be slow moving and boring
Penguins don t build nests in oak trees .
Scenes can t literally be shown by words .
A bird cannot speak
Carps don t harm people thus there is no need to worry
Car ride is not used to clean .
It s illegal and immoral to buy a child .
A pillow is softer than a stone and does not cause injuries
a gold bar is not a food ingredient
stone cannot fly
You cannot play cricket indoors
English dictionaries only list definitions for English words .
Bread does not contain a lot of water
jump does bad in getting in shape .
Bicycles have no engine
Smashing a newly finished paper is not normal behavior
Bear is much bigger than the cupboard .
You don t feed teddy bears .
An elephant isn t a bird
Fruits are healthy and contains many good vitamins .
A mountain is bigger than a closet
hands are used for eat meals
A sphere can only find a spherical surface .
The whale doesn t walk
It s impolite to walk around in a theater .
The student likely stayed up late if he had circles under his eyes so he had to have been working on something .
A ferret would never agree to be tied to a present
It s weird for someone who doesn t know his birthday .
A person can t eat a car
Teddies are big fluffy stuffed animals .
People like pretty clothes .
Ice cream needs to be kept frozen .
Salt does not have an odor
A shark would not fit in a cabinet .
Remote controls do not help doctors hear things better .
Shuttle corks don t exist
a car cannot accommodate more than five people
Drawing is not a kind of exercise .
Plate cannot be closed
If someone says frightening audience will get frightened not they will not laugh for sure .
An oven is not suitable for washing dishes .
babies can only drink milk and beer will kill them
Washing machines are not vehicles .
Guitars are musical instruments and not cleaning tools .
Rabbits have fur not shells
Cars are not a liquid .
You cannot find a lemur by choosing one .
Pliers is not something that put in the guacamole .
classical music not easy to learn
Tape dispensers are too small to hold rope
The bible was written thousands of years ago .
lemons can t be used to produce complex sounds
Eggs are not strong enough to pierce wood .
the house can t be fed
Cakes don t bake
Cigarettes are not edible .
Sneezing is not a symptom of being tired .
animals don t live in office buildings
There is no soil in the sink for the weed to grow .
Porsche 911 costs a lot more money that thirty dollars .
Shoes are for the feet not hands .
Flowers do not contain chocolate milk .
you can t become rain because it is made of water
sun is very hot
You cannot lose and conquer at the same time .
Phone technicians fix phones .
No one eats more to lose weight .
The sun does not emit water .
Alligators are not seen up in the sky .
MATCH BOX IS NOT A BED TO SLEPT
Liquids sink in water .
No steaks are served in the coffee shop
Fishing describes an activity but a book is an item and not an activity
Water cannot be lit
people don t generally eat on the toilet
Cars are not drinks .
Chickens are not carnivores .
Hippo cannot sent to the moon by NASA .
House is a place which is so strong that cannot be pushed .
You cannot bake a pie in the bathtub .
People run in tennis shoes not leather shoes .
Most men don t wear dresses .
penguins do not build nests in trees
buddings don t fit in microwaves
Paper cannot be ate .
rest will not enable one to master a new skill
You should go to the basketball court to watch a basketball match .
Raccoons can t fly nor do they migrate south .
A door can be closed but a door cannot be turned off
gyms are usually closed after dinner
People can t eat rocks because they cannot digest them .
Tattoos cannot be eaten as food .
The plane cannot go into space .
Macaws are not carrots from the rainforest .
You want to stay at home if you are sick .
A fire hydrant doesn t have ammunition .
A tomato is not sharp enough to cut a knife
spinal cord does not have an intestine to find
Pens are useless when you are cooking .
A lathe can be used to shape many things
Submarines should move in the water but not sky
No one can walk an elephant on the street in reality
Jelly does not clean anything .
Bears inhabit land areas whereas fish are in the water
Car can t be parked in the water .
Treadmills can t run computers .
Tigers do not drink from flowers .
Beer is not a thing to eat in breakfast .
Surgeries aren t do in libraries . They re done at hospitals .
Lotion is rubbed on people not baskets
rocket is not to find in a wedding
The sun appears in the afternoon .
Firefighters are called in emergencies involving fires .
Bread is not seafood .
Keyboards are not made of liquid
Houses don t get gift wrapped .
A racist generally is equated with hate not love .
Red shoes are not food
A basketball court does not have water to swim
Hurting people is not a recommended activity .
When it s raining it is dangerous to drive fast .
Penta means five .
Airliners are way too expensive for most people to purchase .
Aliens are still a mystery for their existence .
Pesticides would poison the athletes .
A person cannot digest a dumbell .
A coconut is not a place
GIRAFFE IS NOT A FISH TO COOK
To meet customer requirements we cannot destroy the production .
People don t laugh at tragedy
police station is not a place to see a music drama
Walking is allowed in public places .
Punishment is no reward
Giraffes are too tall to be pets
Pigeons are not aquatic
Air planes can only fly off the ground and above it .
a restaurant does not have doctors or medical equipment
Dogs are not smart enough to be able to play a piano .
Teachers have more knowledge than students although students do not usually think so .
a forest is an ecological system where plants and animals live
All letters are pronounced in calculus
A calculator cannot come up with questions
Motor oil is not safe to drink .
people cannot eat bike
An antelope belongs on land
Dogs are animals and they can t help with work in an office .
the airplane only entered the hanger
Houses made of water are not strong enough .
Stones are often used in buildings .
You cannot wear an umbrella it is not clothing .
DOGS NEVER GOT SCHOOL
Words do not move you have to read and interpret them using your own imagination .
Walls are not transparent therefore nobody can be seen through a wall .
Lion cannot feed in the garden by a gardener .
Every girl has to have two boobs due to biology
pants does not have calling options
casual dress more suits during hot days
Car cannot park on the top of mine .
There are no leaves in the sea .
Animals depends on plants plants eating animals for food
only one person can t create buses .
baboon is not a wearable thing
we type with hands only in computer
Bread is a kind of food .
Zoo is not the place for swimming
Chili pepper will increase more spiciness change the taste eat something like sweets or something salty which will help in reducing spiciness
Lime is not an ingredient for soup
Bob does not like guns
Eating junk food can lead to obesity and many other bad conditions .
Haze does not provide energy
singer doesn t repair fence
He is a happy man because he has a wife who loves him
Tigers have stripes
Generally people work in day time
A fish doesn t have hands so it can t bat a ball
Changing the battery would not result in more money
Jack bought a magazine in a book shop .
CLOUDS ARE NOT KITE TO PLAY
BEIJING DOESN T HAS GREAT WALL
Sun does not undergo waxing and waning cycles so its shape remains unchanged .
dictionary is a useful tool where students can see the explanations
Eating a book wouldn t taste very nice
Top of the mountain is not a right place to swim
Park is not a place to swam .
Toothpaste can not be used to wash their clothes .
A banana cannot ask a question to be answered as it is a non living thing .
The body needs blood .
Bees do not make honey by eating dew .
Rice is stored in bags
FANS WOULDNT FIT IN A BOTTLE
A cook is a person whose job is to prepare and cook food so he isn t specially trained to work in a library .
happiness does not make any problem to anyone
Hard work will not lead to graduation difficulties
You don t need books for a wedding
Politicians cannot cure diseases
Ice is water
people do not eat their boss .
Dolphins have no fingers to turn pens
It would be unsafe and very difficult to drive with both feet on the steering wheel .
Crush injuries will not make him strong .
A whale is not a fish but a mammal .
larva are not meant to be drank
Billboards advertise for certain stores .
loosing patience makes ones angry and if you are angry the chances of kissing which is part love is zero
There are many more than 50 cities in the US .
Lip gloss is colorless and does not add color to your lips .
actors do not give advice to patients
mouse is a computer accessory used to scroll while plural form of a mouse which is a small rodent .
All babies have a mother by blood .
A book is too small to hold a towel and a towel would not be kept on a book .
A horse is too big to be eaten and its meat is not used as food .Due
a baby isn t strong or largest enough to carry a man
The moon has not got an atmosphere to sustain plant life .
its not necessary that all men are philisopher
A book is not big enough to have a table atop it .
potato never shows time
The kitchen is not a place to dry clothes .
the stars are too far away to touch
Watermelon is not a poisonous fruit
Mars is the closet to the sun
Almost everyone have two feet
You can t surf the web through your word document .
COWS DOESN T HAVE A FEATHER
Ham cannot on my feet .
The entrance hall is no place for a train .
A table cannot be entered .
Dogs are not part of a birds diet so a bird would not hunt a dog
Cabinets are smaller objects than bicycle trunk so they cannot be put in them
Quilt is a kind of textile .
soldiers reunited with families not enemies
the girl cannot go under the bus she can get crushed
KILLING IS HURTFUL THING
This is not physically possible to achieve
Water in a pond cannot flow .
A dishwasher is supposed to clean dirty dishes .
Yoga does not need running shoes
Iron is much too strong to be squeezed onto bread .
Shoes are not large enough to shine on the entire earth .
Bird hasn t the ability of a hunter
business rule has no link to traffic accident .
Fish live in water
An operators job is to direct things like people or motorized vehicles to a desired person or place .
the restaurant doesn t sell clothes
Mustaches are not a place they are a thing .
lion is not a pet .
Scoring in the last minute is a good thing
You cannot run in a plastic chair . you can only sit or stand on it .
Sugar is sweet . It makes the food sweet .
All chickens have legs while they are alive at least .
You shouldn t wear fewer clothes when winter is coming because the weather is getting colder so you will be cold .
You act in a play not eat a meal .
Batman ins t real he s a character .
wood is not edible and hence it is not given to a dog .
Dog is not a person to make a film .
leaves grow in the spring
gloves is used only for hands
Air pollution is not a disease
STEAK IS NOT FROM PIG
During a lecture people do not express issues they listen .
Hot pot is a very spicy Chinese food .
A gun being fired does not make laughing sounds .
Pillows are not opened .
a pencil does not have batteries
Laws are amended and can be changed to fit society s needs .
There is no country named liegenpoofa
calipers only measures very short lenghts
BIKE doesn t PLAY WITH HUMAN
Fierce is not how people describe a smiling person .
Marriage and business are not related .
LeBron James plays basketball . He doesn t play football .
A home run is a term used in baseball . A football is not used in baseball .
eating fast means taking the food faster
An organ is too big to fix into a briefcase
You cannot write with a cigarette . You smoke a cigarette .
A table cannot take words on it .
It is difficult to apply makeup without watching one s reflection .
Alcoholic beverages don t improve your overall health
galaxy is too big to cross by the explorer
No one enjoys living in misery or suffering . People enjoy things that do the opposite like fill them with joy .
You can t travel to the moon every morning .
Washing machine does not get heated to heat food .
The sky is not made of solid objects .
Healthy patients do not need medical care .
The sunset is at dusk and sunrise is at dawn .
Thieves run from cops
Turning the volume up on a TV makes the audio louder not quieter
a hairdresser does not work with teeth
Potatoes do not provide electricity .
Music is different from movie .
Walmart is a store for persons not animals
transformers are not a disney attraction
Bicycles have no control
Doing well in Math does not mean one will do well in History .
Donuts cannot run
Closet is too small size for taking shower
Ducks are mostly in water and struggle to generate enough thrust to take off .
Airplanes are usually located at airports not on top of birds .
hospital cannot help people to curl hair hairdresser can
Bread is a food and cannot be used to color in a picture .
Humans walk on their two legs .
people wash face with water instead of oil
Silverfish are insects and not fish that can be fished for .
Someone has to like it
There is no subway connecting Japan and China
Cattle do not eat stones .
MEETING DOESN T HAS TEST
Stickers are not necessary to send letters .
Healthy persons are not necessary to be cared by others .
there isn t equipment for cat check up in garage
Dinosaurs cannot be walked .
Humans can not consume buses
Schools for children do not provide a place to bungee jump .
people seldom stood on the desk when school started
Many people have only one wedding party in their lifetime .
Mars does not have the conditions for human existence
The sand is not reflexive
You cannot wake up if you are dead .
You only die once .
Santa Claus isn t real . He s a character in a fairy tale
fungi is not a mineral and isn t in fresh water
peaches are soft and round
A pillow factory only produces pillow not fresh product .
The kitchen is generally used for the cooking and preparation of food .
Parents would not permit this behavior .
Fellow countrymen are usually patriotic and will not revere you for your betrayal .
A tooth can only grow and be found in a mouth .
Beans are vegetables .
Electrical currents with high voltage are dangerous .
Shoes are not made of peanut butter .
cat s nails are naturally long
If you don t wear a jacket you will get cool .
gravity makes objects fall from the top down
Leaning a language requires such a very long time .
Eyes doesn t have eardrum
A golfer is too big to go in the golf hole .
pot cannot create fire
Baseball is not played on a football field .
Poking yourself in the eye with a needle would cause blindness .
Being sick is not a good thing
You order food at a restaurant not stereos
Cement column is so hard
A refrigerator is not a game that can be played .
Pens do not have blood in them .
The purpose of hair care products is not to bring people fun
you cannot climb anything using a snowboard
no need to sing before go on holiday
After one eats food s he is not hungry .
China is much bigger than other countries in the world .
When the traffic signals turn red it shows that you must stop .
If the Sun comes low it will definitely feel hot .
human cannot give birth to a cat
the constitution will change to solve the problem in the society
Humans don t bark
Kids who live on islands are surrounded by water to swim in .
there s few books in the zoo
The kitchen is for cooking and eating food
Face cream is for skins
the moon isn t broken when its not full
a roof should be at the top of a house
You can not drive a car to the moon
The donkey is much bigger than a fridge .
A horse cannot fit in a fridge .
An organ is found only in a body .
Nobody connects a TV with a brick .
A hand belongs to a living human being not a tree .
money is made of wood rather than pollen
Grandpa is older and moves slowly so it is difficult to walk very fast .
Eating glass is dangerous .
for protection from sunshine sunscreen can be use .
Restaurants don t serve electronics .
Everybody in the world sleeps and the whole wolrd cannot be jailed for sleeping .
Range hood is used to absorb lampblack
If you want to lose you will not conquer your opponent .
Serial killers are not safe .
Oven is for cooking and cannot play media content
Railways do not go to the moon
A fence is usually too large for a shelf and a fence is not a part of a shelf .
An attitude is a mood .
tiger are not a domesticated animals .
Gambling is not a healthy activity
If we consume food we cannot get drunk .
Mice are animals
Eyes are located higher on the face and are not near the mouth .
Drinking something doesn t make you less hungry
Fire cannot be used to fill things .
You can t know what ll happen in the future .
A banana does not protect anything from lightning .
If a boy hit his coach the boy would probably be kicked out of the game .
A mouse is scared of a cat because cats often attack mice .
There are no flying cars in this world
A monkey is an animal
Plants get nutrients from soil .
Dogs do not sing .
Hospital will only provide medicine not food
junk food is high caloric
Spacial ship does not used to go to work .
turkeys cant fly fast in the sky
Bike cannot fly
Nobody drinks acid
If shops are closed every day people cannot buy anything .
a calculator is used to do math it can t take pictures
rebooting clears cache
Fishes don t walk . They swim in water
People can not run as fast as 100 meters in 1 second .
A security guard is a person so he cannot be equiped at a place
Dinner is usually eaten in the evening
Bus cannot parked in the driveway .
A person would not be able to hold a car
a fridge is used for only for cooling food items .
The stars are too far away .
It is dark at night not at noon .
Is is non sensical to put an object "on " a room
Schools are in buildings .
water could damage mobile phone .
Tigers are too dangerous to play with .
It is not healthy to eat sand .
Seeds will not germinate in the cold weather sow they need to be sowed when the weather is warm enough for them to grow which is not in the winter .
Bananas have a hard skin on them makes them hard to eat
Snowmen would melt in the summer .
10 LITERS OF WATER IS VERT LARGE AMOUNT TO DRINK
a fridge is smaller than an elephants
Cotton is inedible .
Butchers don t cut hair
Fridge is a tool and is not a musical instrument
our forefathers lived happily without smartphones
Tigers do not carry out photosynthesis .
Cats are natural enemies of mice
People do not exchange gifts on President s Day
Blood is not a mechanical tool that is used to repair items .
The color for driving is green .
Hug is not putting two lips together
People cannot eat gasoline
A monkey doesn t know how to do math problems
Brothels are not places to exchange opinions .
Nurses work in a hospital .
Money cannot solve problems
there are lots of salt not sugar in the sea
Leaves begin to turn yellow and wither in autumn .
Feet can not be used to bring food to your mouth .
A table is not an edible thing to have taste
When someone shouts it is loud .
Humans can swim
A relic is not a hot dog condiment .
OPERA IS NOT GOOD FOR DANCE
Space is zero gravity
Spun is not interchangeable with ran .
Leaves are on the trees but not sea
shark cannot survive in a ranch
Terrorist cant able to arrest military .
If paper were black the ink would not be seen
Scales are used to weigh things
Fish cannot walk .
Presidents need a vice president o run with them
A letter can be laughed at but it must be written .
Beethoven learned to play instruments .
hospital does not provide food
Opening doors and windows will leave a chance for thieves
The motorcycle does not jump off from a lion
Dinosaurs are extinct and thus no one can see them anymore .
Shoes go on feet not on hands
No one would like toenails in their stew .
A table is not alive .
it is not actually possible for humans to breathe martain air directly .
PIE IS USED FOR BAKED NOT FOR BOILED
Dogs are unable to fly .
Glass does not produce music .
flame is hot it cannot be kept in the refrigerator
People are incapable of flight without the use of assistive devices .
You can not look up how to email someone using their street address .
Justin Bieber is alive and still producing music
chicken is a non vegetarian
Being proud is not a feeling you get when you make a mistake
A giraffe is too big to fit in th house
The girl could not have crossed under the bus as this would result in a serious accident .
A person can not fit in a microwave .
you need to use your hands to steer
Ants are not intelligent enough to take exams .
Treadmill is not used to threw .
Dogs don t go to school .
Leg has no brain and it can t think as own
Life only comes from other life .
Bombs are not food
Cartons are recyclable
You ride a bike .
The USA lies in North America .
landscapes portray land rather than individual people
You can t play music on a fridge .
A griffin is a mythical creature that does not exist .
Car races are not on roads and not in halls .
The raw material of the wine is water
Winter is so cold so people should wear more clothes
ants have no use for humans
Fish cannot talk
A wall is a non living thing so we can t talk to it .
Sand is dirt from the beach not a food .
Stones don t shine so they can t be used for lighting .
200 degrees Celsius is almost 400 Fahrenheit and is enough to cook a person .
APPLE IS NOT FIT FOR CAR
Racists do not like people of who are not of their own ethnic background .
Marriage is not supposed to be violent .
His arms are attached to his body and therefore cannot be across the street .
It is not cold everywhere .
Car dealers sell cars they do not act
people do not towel after they leave the library
Fridge is not a place to do exercise and he cannot fit inside fridge
Orange juice does not taste good on cereal .
The tongue is not flexible enough to play the piano .
no one drinks glue
there is no table in the ocean
People wear makeup to look better not worse .
Judges don t scream for goals .
An idea cannot be physically located
Whales don t live in the forest they live in the ocean .
Book bags are too big to be put inside a sharpener .
Because the golfer is too big while the golf hole is small .
His ass does not tell time .
You would die from the weight if you did .
English is not a bird
We cannot see stars if the weather is not good
Trains have never been sent into space .
The rear courtyard is usually built behind the building
boiling water is too hot to drink
Shoes don t fit in a makeup box
A cobra is not a plant
spaceship used for go to space
Garbage and waste would kill crops .
the color of sky is blue only .
you don t learn anything resting
Spitting in some places is considered rude and may be illegal .
Cabinet cases don t exist and would be found on a cabinet or in a kitchen .
rock is a musical style and not a food
The Islamists regard pigs as gods and do not eat them .
Plants require sunlight not artificial light .
Teddy bears are not capable of loving or other emotions
One cannot take picture with calculator .
Fast food does not include gravel .
If he was lazy then everyone else would have to pick up his slack .
Rulers are used to measure and knives are used to cut meat .
Autumn is a season where the flowers don t turn yellow .
Rose buds are plants and can t eat animals .
Chalk is not edible .
A burglar can come through an open door .
Garages don t always have a minimum of two doors .
a stone can t help you at all when you take a bath .
The victim does not have the power to sentance the defendant .
a person only gets older and cannot get younger
A watchman is a person who cannot dress a wound .
Keys are not designed to carry money or anything else .
Mud is dirty and solidifies .
Mud is a solid that cannot be drunk .
Pigs don t have tree climbing ability .
Talking on the phone is a distraction from the movie .
A couch does not have wheels and a motor
United States is a country
Trembling will make you feel warmer not cooler .
you are a serial killer if you do that they don t sell knifes on the cinema
There aren t any shoes in watermelon .
Beggars are poor .
Planets can not be bought .
caesar was the victor and so only the losers and not ceaser would surrender
Fruits like apple have seeds but meats are seedless .
Creams and lotions are not safe for eating .
A truck can not move over the sea
Dustbins are made for throwing garbages
tables don t melt
Cold water would probably not help stomach aches .
human can t eat houses
A home does not run .
There is some lunch meat in the fridge .
There is no need to feel sad after exercise .
Cooking isn t allowed in any library .
Baby does not have the ability to make money
The sun is always a circle .
Turtles cant run fast .
You don t wear shoes on your hand
the students learn knowledge from the teacher
Stone can t eat
Hong Kong is an administrative region of China .
Kitchen is not a place does the dog have .
Cars have wheels and cannot fly
Vegetable oil is used for cooking
Eating tigers is an illegal act
Panda is too huge for an overhead cabin
The winter is too cold for fruit to be able to grow .
A donut cannot have wives
NO ONE EATS A PIECE OF WOODS AS FOOD
my car s key doesn t fit too my house s door
A 5 year old should be supervised by an adult outside of the home .
The first thing you do when doing laundry is not to throw it in to the a puddle .
A shelf doesn t belong on a book .
Sn eraser is too soft to cut paper .
Radios don t make phone calls .
A bidet is used to wash up after using the toilet not for sleeping .
a little baby cannot get food water and money by him her self
Cloth shoes will absorb water and make your feet wet on rainy days .
60 seconds is a minute .
Human body requires food to produce energy we cannot live without food more than 2 3 days .
spoon cannot kill birds .
Stones do not provide nutrition
Turtles can t climb .
Phones are not food and aren t baked .
you would be upset rather than happy when someone you care about is crying
The apple is the fruit of the apple tree . It grows on the tree
A elephant to too big to live in the wall .
English is the mother tongue of Western countries .
A home run is baseball not football .
singers sing songs instead of repairing fence .
people do not keep knowledge in the restaurant
Mammoths are extinct
Mailbox cannot be wore .
Employers pay salary to employees
Dogs can t go to the roof
Enjoying is subjective not an obligation .
I like swimming in the desert .
Cat will not chase dogs as per the nature
chair is tool used to sit
Lawyer cannot do health checkup and prescribe medicines .
There s not possible to watch something on a lion
Eggs from humans are not harvested under normal circumstances .
Batteries would blow up in a microwave .
the rain will come inside if the window is open
To the victor go the spoils .
Potatoes is the plural of potato not misspelled potatos .
At night it is too dark for our human to see everything clearly
A person can t drive a car to the moon
Whole Dinosaur are dead years ago
a man doesn t wear a hat on his feet
If everyone had a drink then there was no one who did not have a drink .
The wind is invisible .
Humans and sharks cannot fly .
Flying is always in the sky
Planes do not swim .
Elephants are herbivores and eat plant matter .
Babies do not have careers .
tiger is a very strong wild animal human cannot control it easily
You cannot drive a bus across water .
The sun does not grow it causes things to grow .
Chopsticks do not have the ability to contain food
A woman cannot be an imaginary creature .
Paper is not sharp or heavy enough to be used as a reliable alternative cutting tool .
Dogs do not have hands to push things .
A family tree is not a physical object and cannot be hit
Mouse will cause problems in your house .
A rock cannot melt .
The calculator cannot work out the questions
Walls will always have a colour in spite of its condition
Pets don t have offices to work
Small fish live in water and cannot fly in the sky .
Fossil fuels create a lot of air pollution
Pencil is too small for teacher to write .
Paper can t provide nutrition to seeds
Spoon is an utensil and cannot be used to paint
A square is 2D water is 3D .
The fabric would make your feet wet .
Flamingos are animals .
Houses are larger than fridges .
A car cannot float the sea by itself
Drinking water is not against the rules .
A fire can t burn coldly .
Benches aren t edible .
Hair does indeed grow on the ass as hair grows virtually on every part of the human body with exception of very few regions .
You need car keys to start a car not a feather .
There was no sunlight in the darkroom
A car is for transportation and not for doing laundry .
Dogs can t drive cars .
minecraft is a virtual game
A street is an inanimate object and cannot stroll .
MAYONNAISE IS A DISH
Fish cannot be sheered they have scales .
A stove is not kept in a bedroom .
a tiger is an animal and leaves can t grow on them
it s not nurse s duty to do the garden
bleach is a cleaning liquid
River water is too dirty for consumption .
A student cannot be educated enough to teach a teacher .A
Moonlight does not produce heat .
A bar could refer to any number of things of varying sizes such as a building which couldn t be stolen .
Rings are made of metal .
calendar is for the dates not for time
Grass does not grow on the sea .
people stick stamps on the envelope instead of pen
A thief would not steal eyes .
Cars need 4 wheels to drive
You cut fabric with a cutting machine .
Clever can not use as a adjective for tire
Peanut oil can t be drink directly .
The surface of the sea is not solid so a bicycle would not stay on the surface for riding .
Using a sewing machine means you aren t hand stitching .
Subtitle quality is not related to the story arc .
You drink water when you are thirsty not listen to it .
The Chihuahua is the smallest breed of dog
Farmer cuts or harvest the crops after complete growth of the fruits and vegetables .
The fridge is cold and is not used to bake items you would need an oven .
Chopsticks are used to eat with .
Houses are not portable .
Monkeys are unable to eat large slabs of meat like humans .
Slow cars typically stay within your sight for an agonizingly long time .
Bananas are not in roast chicken .
Students learn and teachers teach
Dog food cannot eat by the cat .
A spoon is used to eat soup with .
Paint is toxic .
ice cream is not a medicine
You cannot own the whole universe
Poison would kill those affected in the disaster
Water is not a solid and can not be chewed on .
Cars are not built as flotation devices they have holes that water can penetrate and they will sink .
Bear s IQ is not enough to invent a light bulb
Mountains need a great space and cannot be so close to a table
Slippers are not professional attire .
A camel is an animal
Dolphin is not a place to drive the car .
The Statue of Liberty is not located in India .
The sun sets in the evening it doesn t rise .
Chopsticks are made to eat with not to smash things .
Paper is not a liquid
Plastic forks cost less and therefore sell less
Mud was dirty so Bob couldn t bathe in it .
You can t board rainbows .
You are unable to lock a door with one s foot .
Swimming does not require reading .
A whale is too large for a seagull to pick up .
an elephant is too big to be put into a drawer
A powder box is used for storing powder .
People don t marry elephants .
nobody is praised by being a murder
Cooking can be done in kitchen on gas stove whereas computer is used to do offical work .
Docile does not include wolves .
Patient is the person who is ill
lemon is sour
Ovens do not have water to wash dishes .
people can t drink oil
Cars don t stop when you hit the gas .
Banks don t sell milk .
cars cannot be put into a dumpling
combining exercise with diet is good for health so it will not let people gain weight
the floor is not for writing
Cars are inanimate and not needed for life .
An elephant is much bigger then a table .
Grassland will not stop people
I covered my quilt at the hotel .
There are no swimming pools at the movie theatres .
Car cannot move through water .
A charger has no effect on a banana .
boiling water is so hot no one can drink
Radio cannot cut .
A basketball court is flat and has no water to swim in
unicorns don t exist
Dogs cannot drive .
Humans cannot be planted in the ground .
Television does not provide you food to eat
SHIRT HAVE BUTTONS
people do not use shoes to wipe nose
Wood is an object and doesn t have an ability to read .
You can t get cash at a police station .
lamp is not a human and can not recite .
sharks live in the sea not the forest
Eating in the subway would be gross
Human body temperature is constant at 37 degrees Celsius
There is no water on the grass and it is impossible to swim .
Nail polish is not edible food for a cat .
you don t COOK ice creams
a fishbowl is too small for a whale to live in
at war texting to enemy is foolish thing to do
A bathroom is for using the toilet and showering not selling apples .
Apples are not alive and therefore would not die anywhere .
Brake pedal are mean to make the car stop .
children are not allowed to drink wine
there s no oil in the sky
Wind can t get thru a closed window .
Pizza contains a lot of fat which is not healthy
Sugar water tastes sweet .
An opera hall is not big enough for a car race .
Display is used to display things people will see them
You are never likely to find a gun in a school
Spatulas are made of non edible materials like plastic
There are more than four colors in a rainbow .
it is illegal to play guns .
Road is not a place to swam by the David .
It is impossible to play football on a basketball court .
A whale is too big to eat
she was married when she was 19
A fish would die on land .
Cars can not fit in a bowl .
Ice takes away volume from the ocean
Washing machine is a thing where we cannot put the snacks by Linda .
you can t eat sand
ice changes into steam only when it sublimes
Only females are biologically able to give birth .
Cruises ships are not allowed to go up to heaven
A dog cannot scream .
Feet cannot be thrown .
a horse wouldn t fit in a fridge nor could it survive the temperature
he cannot carry car in his arms as they are bigger and haevier
planet doesn t need substitute
Trees cannot walk .
The car is much heavier than people
The TV will not tell you if you can go outside or not .
Damaged cars aren t something that electricity companies deal with .
A mouse is bigger than a flea .
Ships do not have wheels to be compatible with traveling on the road .
Snakes are poor guide animals .
a plant would not support holding a laptop
Turning a light switch on will illuminate the room whereas switching it off will make the room darker
Tigers cannot drive cars .
Doctor is not a person to get a lawyer s qualification certificate .
The Arctic Pole is one of the coldest places on the planet .
